and welcome to the W show Australia has
been actually no I don't care as much
about this one it's really it's really
interesting and it's really important
but what I actually want to talk about
is an influencer who is suing another
influencer for infringing on her vibe I
have so many thoughts on this actually
Luke um hold on I'm going to need to can
can Dan can you can you get rid of Luke
for a second there's a lot of beige
there's a lot of beige in in Luke's uh
Vibe right now and that could be
infringing I'm infringing I would like
to I'd like to avoid a loss actually
hold on I need these chairs I need these
chairs out of the frame there we go okay
we have a non-infringing dang it we have
we have a non-infringing Vibe I got you
uh okay oh perfect that's great um the
labs did oh oh man we've got so many
great topics this week uh fine the labs
did a super cool article about power
supply efficiency ratings and how the
power supply you buy might actually be
better than what you would think based
on the label on the box what else we got
okay D we can put everything back
Australia ban social media for kids
under 16 and uh gaming in the USA is
about to get rather
table that's not funny I think it's
pretty all right
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by jump
Cloud LG and vessie and also our laptop
partner LG and of course debrand and
secret Labs who are our skin partner and
uh I wouldn't have skin without dbrand
and also our chair partner which Dan
conveniently covered up with Luke right
as was about to point at it way to go
Dan good timing as always all right why
don't we jump right into our headline
topic for the day which I actually
forget what it is Dan do you remember
what it is you're an
advertisement uh oh oh yeah we didn't
even know dud we didn't even talk about
that it's going so well so far that's
awesome um LT store has had three
sponsored Creator videos go up this week
um including two long form videos and
one short Luke have you seen any of
them none you have seen none perfect uh
so we have a we all of our all of our
influencer marketing is going up in
Reverse alphabetical order so it's going
to start with Zack builds and Zach's
Tech
Turf and then we skip all the way to M
our yeah go ahead do we do that on
purpose we not even a little bit no no
100% no no our third one is Macho Nacho
Productions and I'm pretty sure we would
have been able to find at least one or
two Tech YouTubers who are um you know
between Zed and M anyway check this out
this is such a cool video has already
got nearly half a million views from
Zack builds obviously I'm going to want
you guys to go check out the entire
video and not just the LT product
placement in it but but but watch this
watch this watch this hold on wait for
it wait for it that was annoying I can't
believe it didn't work from the factory
BL blah blah blah ready to keep pushing
forward he's don't worry something
interesting is going to happen soon let
me segue to our sponsor ltd.com let's go
let's
go I got to tell you I did send a rather
tur email to the business team when I
saw this spot go live and the reason for
that is that while uh Zach actually did
an amazing job by the way this is
incredible of showing off the
screwdriver showing off everything
that's good about it the strength of the
magnet um the completeness of the kit uh
he did just an outstanding job talking
about the quality it's really well shot
the one thing that he didn't do is use
our screwdriver for the
project fortunately fortunately the good
news here is that in spite of any
perceived beef that may exist on their
side uh I have nothing against I fix it
a huge huge advocate for for their uh
for their mission and all of that anyway
we just we didn't get to him in time and
uh he did say in the sponsor spot that
if the screwdriver had gotten to him in
time to do the project because it
arrived after he' done
it okay I was that's that's rough all
right yeah if it had gotten there in
time to do the project he would have
preferred to use it he didn't say he
really liked it so that's that's really
good to hear um
anyway I got I got I got a real kick out
of that and I was like yo guys um look
like it's fine but like really and they
were like no no no no no no that's how
it went down anyway uh so we also had a
video go up with Zach Zach's Tech Turf
this one I haven't actually watched yet
uh this one's a short oh wait I didn't
even know who it was but I know the
guy's face I 100 oh I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry other Zack um yeah my bad anyway
tools PC Builders actually need a knife
all right fair enough Cutters yep fair
enough most importantly screwdriver
let's
go freaking
awesome so that's our second one that
went live oh look at this he's got a
whole bunch of them okay that's pretty
cool uh so that's the second one that
went live and then uh also Macho Nacho
Productions this is a really cool video
you guys are going to want to check this
one out as well Nintendo never gave us a
switch Pro so modders did um also just a
really really nice really nice spot for
the Precision screwdriver and yes guys I
can see you in the comments I hear you
in the comments shrieking about us
uploading a promotional video with
influencer marketing for a product you
literally can't buy right now because
it's out of stock trust me I don't like
it any more than you do
but hey look okay we're new to this okay
we're you can sign up for some
newsletter about when it's going to be
back in stock or something and I don't
know Nick said it was going to be
December is maybe when they have more
information so we'll we'll get such a
classic like us
problem that's the that's the exact type
of thing that we would screw up that
that's very on
brand yeah so there's this great project
as hype as as as F and like you're going
to love it and like yeah I don't know
what yeah too bad maybe it's our Strat
maybe just nobody consulted me and
that's our
Strat you're going for the the luxury
product Strat you know yeah it's it's a
it's the new Burkin bag the LT Precision
screwdriver I got to make an appointment
for it but you're not allowed to make
appointments yeah put it in your put it
in your loved one's
stocking next Year hope that they don't
need to screw anything together between
now and then anyway you guys are going
to want to check this video out as well
super cool um and yeah I I don't know
what to say about this other than that
go check out those videos uh massive
shout out to them for for working with
us on this I mean obviously they didn't
you know nothing in life is free we we
believe in paying people for their work
so these are uh these are these are paid
sponsorships as you guys would would
expect from
and you can expect to see a lot more we
have a couple discussion questions uh
the first one is does it feel weird to
go full circle from sponsored to sponsor
um and I got to say I feel like I feel
like this is hardly full circle so much
as it's that I am going in circles right
because I started out as just like uh
like like a paid mouthpiece to make
product videos for Rich video
merchandising on product pages and then
made my way into like like like
independent sort of opinion SL tutorials
and guides and reviews uh while also
maintaining the other thing in parallel
and then started doing sponsorships also
in parallel to then creating products
and like sponsoring myself to sponsoring
others to splitting off the lab to be
its own like Independent Media review
thing to like I don't know I just got I
got a lot going on I got a lot going on
over here um but yeah no I you know it
feels kind of
cool it's it's um it's not the same
feeling as seeing the product get
reviewed like independently reviewed um
but I would say it's honestly kind of
more fun in like a different way if that
makes sense like it's just it's more
surreal right like it it feels like an
outof body experience a little
bit that if that kind of sense something
that's been I mean it's it's I've always
had this reaction where like if I'm if
I'm watching a YouTube video and then I
notice someone's wearing like one of our
shirts or like one of our sweaters or
something it's always like oh whoa like
it kind of it's It's jarring in a good
way if that makes sense like it kind of
I don't know you have to take a second
and kind of absorb it but now it's
happening where
shirts as as much as I do like our
shirts you know I didn't even really
think about it I'm wearing one of them
right now um they they feel more on the
merch side of things when someone's
using one of the tools and they don't
talk about it and they're not making
like like it it feels like it wasn't a
conscious decision it was just like no
this is just the best thing that I have
for this then it's it's it's almost a
different form of reaction I don't know
it's kind of and like one thing that's
really different about the sponsorship
thing for me is that I've I've talked a
lot about how I have a very kind of
limited schedule and I can't I don't
have enough time to fill it with a ton
of YouTube I don't watch a ton of
YouTube I don't really uh I don't really
sample my own products so to speak um
but I have felt compelled to watch these
videos from the creators that we sponsor
because and like look I would never
because I've been on the other side of
it I would never like give myself credit
for their hard work but I do feel like
we supported it right like I feel like
we helped enable them to do what they do
and it's it's it's a really different
feeling it shouldn't be I mean we enable
people to do their creative work all day
every time Riley uploads TechLink you
know Linus Media Group Incorporated has
enabled something you know that's what
we literally do for a living but it
feels a little different when it's these
small smaller creators or in some I mean
we've even sponsored creators that are
arguably our size or bigger depending on
the measure right but right I don't know
it feels it's it's Vibes it's good vibes
yeah yeah I mean that makes sense I mean
especially
when you know that's AdSense on Tech
content isn't that amazing so at the end
of the day a lot of what keeps the wheel
going around is this kind of sponsored
content so it's fun helping keep the
wheel going around for other people as
well and what's cool about that is that
one of the things that we've made a
conscious effort to do over the last
five years or so maybe longer than that
actually over over the years is to is to
diversify our sponsorships and make
ourselves less dependent on the brands
that we cover and that's a tough thing
to do because especially when you're
first starting out the advertisers
Target whoever is the audiences that
most overlap with the people who will
buy their products which for review is
obviously going to you're going to
you're going to Target the reviewers who
are making videos that viewers are
watching that are reviews of their
products right so you're going to have
this inherent kind of conflict and you
can manage that you can mitigate that
you can have good agreements you can
have strong moral fiber good character
and you can and you can keep your
editorial and your and your sponsored
talking points separate um but it it's
always going to be there it's always
going to be there and it's always going
to mean that you're going to be
dependent
um there's a hand that feeds you and
there's there's going to it's at least
going to occur to you whether or not you
should bite it and you might be an
absolute wild man like me and go out of
your way to bite it just for lws like I
mean the the framework secret shopper
one I'd say is probably the best recent
example of that we didn't have to do
that narv has not even emailed me about
it he has not so much as acknowledged
that video to me which I think is really
funny
um what about when it's your own hand
what about when you reviewed LT store
yeah I don't know we're we're idiots
honestly like we're we're kind of crazy
um and you know what there's a lot of
Integrity like in the tech YouTube space
there's a lot of people that I think
would do the same thing if they had the
privilege but but this is something that
they are not dependent on they don't
depend on me for anything if anything
I'm like a competitor or whatever right
not not that I really see it that way
but I'm more I'm more if they make
matter whatever like what drama drama
builds audiences drama gets views I mean
there's certainly plenty of examples of
that in the tech space right so it's
it's one of those things where like they
have absolutely nothing to
lose by like burning a sponsor
relationship with me or whatever right
and it makes them less dependent on Tech
sponsors that actually exist within the
vertical that they cover so that's
something that's really cool to me I
think that's probably if I had to nail
it down I think that's the coolest thing
is that we are enabling the same
diversification that we have sought to
achieve for ourselves and and that's a
really that's a really healthy thing for
the space to have sponsors that you
don't um cover as well that's that's
that's the
ideal uh anyway sorry what what are we
what are we supposed to be talking about
yeah so yeah this is cool oh our other
discussion question actually maybe you
can speak to this cuz I I think you're
like you're doing a paid gig thing right
now like that's what you're in France
for right so the discussion question is
can you talk about brand Creator
relationships and how sponsorships even
work does the brand Reach Out does the
Creator reach out how does it
wake uh I mean it can work in both ways
in regards to reaching out um I I think
generally how we do it is you you have
you have your pre the business te might
kill me here because I might say
something wrong so I don't know don't
take this at my word but you have some
partners that you've been working with
for a long time and it's more like you
talk to them near the beginning of the
year near the beginning of the quarter
whatever and you try to figure out like
okay what is our approach going to be
this time um like how can we best work
together this time there's some amount
of assumption that you're going to work
together there's some like cold calling
where you're reaching out to people
seeing if you can work with them and
then there's cold calling in our
Direction where people are reaching out
to us seeing if they can work with us um
in this particular case I don't
necessarily know what happened I think
being a review company
having uh relationships with companies
that make products has always been kind
of interesting um like what I'm in
France for is ovh ovh we use as a
company and have been using as a company
for like genuinely close to a decade I
think a
decade because the for I think so yeah
yeah wow that's cool 10 years of
partnership let's go yeah we've also
used almost every one of their products
which is like kind of of crazy like we
even at one point in time we used one of
their products which is called so you
start which is like basically semi
recycled like very old discount servers
because that's I mean at one point in
time that made sense for us right um so
like that that that one's pretty easy
because like when I when I'm here
hosting with them it's I just get to
talk about like I don't know the reason
why I've been using them for basically a
decade which makes it pretty simple
there has been times where you know I'll
be pretty friendly with representatives
from a certain company and
then uh we do a review and then suddenly
I mean I was still down to be
friendly and then it becomes not very
friendly anymore um but that's just part
of the playing field right like you
can't
um you you can't let whatever you have
going on affect a review it doesn't
matter like it it's completely
irrelevant at that point the second
you're reviewing something you have to
be completely impartial so I mean I've
I've lost people that I was friendly
with um but it's it's part of the game
um and there's also been people like you
just mentioned the framework thing right
like some people get it yeah and they're
just like okay well I'll take from this
what I can and we keep moving forward
right it doesn't matter but there's as
personally who never spoke to me again
after this
review yeah uh yeah it's part of the
it's part of the game it is what it is
is I don't know yep but you got to be
yeah you got to you got to be uh you got
to be willing to just kind of move
forward like I think as much as I dog on
them which is part of the point of what
I'm saying about to say um Nvidia has
grown up a lot over the last little bit
we dog on them we talk about the things
that they do that we don't like you know
we we tease their leather jacket kitchen
enjoying CEO you know we we like we talk
about the the negative aspects I I I
think I've made it very clear I think
they're an extremely difficult company
to work with I think they've got an
arrogance about them a chip on their
shoulder that makes its way straight
from the top um but you know I think we
also acknowledge the good that they do
we acknowledge the extremely strong
track record they have for product
support for example nvidia's software
support for their aging and Legacy
products stands out in an industry where
many companies will just arbitrarily
drop support for things um even that are
quite new um when they when they commit
to something they they they follow
through on it I mean even when it's
obviously failing look at how long they
stuck by 3D Vision in spite of the fact
that it was
clearly dead but that ecosystem they'
built they supported it for a long time
so we talk about the things they do bad
we talk about the things that they do
well and after a couple of years and
someone who did take things personally
ultimately leaving the company under
some circumstances that I I I genuinely
don't know what they were but they're
not there anymore they have come back to
the table I think we're probably going
to be working with them this coming year
we've done some stuff with them in
2024 um and and that's good like that's
a healthy thing for them to be able to
be criticized on the one hand
editorially and be able to work with us
to um on like a in a sponsored or
Advertiser capacity to get their side of
the messaging out if that's if that's
what they want you got to have you got
to have both of those things and if you
want to reach our audience you're just
going to have to accept that that's how
it works uh Colton today I think I think
this might end up in a behind the scenes
that Sammy was shooting Colton today
brought up the time he had to get on a
call with Intel right after I did that
intro with like me as like a like a
hostage like a terrorist
hostage yeah do you remember
this
no um acknowledging it but I don't I
don't remember yeah here it is here it
is so we did this we did this bit where
I I pretended that uh here we go that
intel was holding me at gunpoint and I
had to read a statement saying that
their that their stuff was really good
or whatever he had to get he had to get
on a call with them like the day after
that went live to smooth it over
oh man I can't believe the kind of stuff
we've done over the
years like this is crazy this is
absolutely crazy it's also really funny
to me that I that I I that anyone even
remotely acknowledges people who are
like yeah lonus would never say anything
negative about a sponsor whatever like
dude
I was I was explaining the the concept
of uh I'm gonna I I don't have a swear
button so I'm G manually bleep it but um
I was explaining the concept of stuff
manufacturers say the other day to
somebody and they're like wait you guys
actually did this and I like showed them
a few of the videos they're like
what oh yeah dude um I I think Cooler
Master works with us again so I guess I
can say this but Cooler Master like
didn't talk to us for I think like a
solid two or three years after that one
on there their supposedly mechanical
keyboard one from from the ship
manufacturer say series I remember
that's
hilarious yeah I don't know man but like
I don't know it is what it is doesn't
matter you gota be the thing is the
thing is look if you do your job well
enough and I'm talking to my fellow
content creators right now okay if you
do the job well enough
it's not going to matter who likes you
or who doesn't like you because at the
end of the day people come they go in
this industry they move around jobs they
move around
positions if you're good enough you'll
still be there doesn't matter there's
always there's always another there's
always another chance to restart the
relationship that doesn't mean that you
should be malicious you should never be
malicious never do anything out of
malice That's not healthy either but
you've got to speak your mind you've got
to you've got to be honest you've to
you've got to bring the the best
knowledge that you have to your audience
and as long as you do that the audience
is going to be there for it and as long
as the audience is going to be there for
it the brands will always come crawling
back every yeah and I an important part
of this
is well they were never there in the
first
place I think uhu I think an important
part of this equation is that we need to
come back too basically like if if
someone scorns us but then there's
there's a change in the future that we
need to do it as well which we do we
screwed something up if we screwed
something up then we should do what it
takes to to heal the relationship as
well yeah totally for
sure debrand is most healthy sponsor
relationship yeah I don't know about
that but uh definitely it works it works
in its own toxic way um all right what
do you want what what do you want to
talk about next what do you want to talk
about next oh actually on this okay no
go ahead
I was going to say the Australia ban
social media for kids under 16 let's do
it do me do it I don't know how the
latency is is working it's like a two
second delay but uh you go ahead all
right all right so that's has passed
it stop it you're allow to do that on
purpose um sorry about that
[Laughter]
Australia has passed its controversial
social media ban for children under 16
into law only a week after being
released that's genuinely kind of nuts
uh rather than punishing children who
manag to get around it which many are
already promising to do the law compels
platforms like Tik Tok Facebook Snapchat
Instagram X and even Reddit to find some
way to block access by miners which
doesn't involve requiring government ID
which is good them to write incursive
that would uh that would probably work
um until you get an AI that can like I
mean it wouldn't even need to be an AI
just like a a font system anyways uh
social media sites possibly any website
that allows uh interaction between users
so any any like yeah social media site
ugc site stuff like that
um could face fines of up to 33 million
Us doll for systemic failures to prevent
children under 16 from holding accounts
oh
crap wait what are we a social media
platform by this definition we have
multiple of
them what do you mean multiple what
other than float plane The Forum
oh oh no Forum no forum's not social I
really hope there's some amount of like
it only comes into account once you're a
certain size because if not we're gonna
have to figure something out uh CU
that's a lot of money
anyways the government says that the
law uh 33 million USD Australian that's
not how that works oh it's 33 million
Australian dollars okay okay so like 20
bucks not too bad not too bad or or like
million Canadian yeah cost of doing
business the government says that the
law supports parents concerned about
online harms to their children while
opponents are concerned the ban could
negatively impact mental health by
cutting vulnerable young people off from
support networks oh wow interesting wow
there's a lot to unpack there cuz like
yeah social media does allow us to
connect with each other but the problem
is
that each other are sh a lot of the time
so like man it's like oh man are you
pretty strongly of the opinion that it
it does a lot more harm than it
prevents this is tough okay go
ahead I'm sure I'm sure it will hurt for
certain people though I don't know
anyways
um privacy Advocates warned that
um it's moving around sorry one sec
privacy Advocates warned the law would
lead to increased collection of personal
information while the Australian Human
Rights Commission said the law May
infringe human rights of young people by
interfering with their ability to
participate in society man these are
some wild arguments but like hold on
hold on is that true like are you able
to participate in modern society and
remember remember remember for every
like people's Society is
defined by their way of interacting with
it if if your way of interacting with
people is through social media if that's
your
cohort is there a valid argument there I
I think there might
be no well I don't I don't think so I I
think my reasoning for that is because
you're not going to stop interacting
with your peers so if they ban social
media you will find some other way to
interact with your peers you're not
you're not stopped from interacting with
Society you're being stopped from
interacting with
Society uh with the Society of
specifically adults and in one specific
way you can still observe because you
could still like go on YouTube I'm sure
um because it's talking about making
accounts it's not talking about using
the platform so you could still look at
Reddit you could still look at YouTube
you just can't interact with it which I
think is fine and then in regards to
participating in society you can still
talk to other people you can you can I'm
I'm you can call your friend you can
talk to your friend in person um I I
think that's a a massive uh overreach of
what's actually happening to say that
they're being like cutting cut off from
interacting with Society that's not fair
um and I I think in some ways
honestly especially when you have
developing brains and whatnot you don't
necessarily want uh all forms of society
being shoved into your head all at the
same time I I think there's arguments
that that's bad for for currently
evolved humans of all ages to a certain
degree let me play devil's advocate here
a second I would say that probably
[Music]
95% of my eldest's social
interaction um when he's at home is on
Discord Discord
is obviously social media it's not on
the list here but I would I would assume
that it would be someone's going to
figure out at some point that it's
social media so it'll probably be added
to the list and the problem with that is
that the infrastructure that existed
before
Discord doesn't exist anymore like there
is oh it's still there no no no no no
hold on hold on still around no no no no
no hold on hold on I'm I'm going even
farther back than that even farther back
than that because team speak would still
be a social platform potentially uh so
we got to go farther back than that the
landline is not part of the family home
anymore like there is no way even if I'm
like here son or daughter borrow my
cellular telephone there's no one for
them to call it's weird like it it is
it's it's it's not taboo but it's not
normal for you know one of my kids
friends to call my phone that would be
not normal that would be weird like we
have these boundaries that exist around
cell phones that sort of come from the
time when the cell phone was separate
from the landline home phone but those
landline home phones went away there is
no pH number for my kids to call to talk
to their friends so if they don't
interact
online how do they talk to them when
they aren't at school together when they
aren't already in the same physical room
and I'm not saying there is that this is
insurmountable I'm just I'm playing
Devil's Advocate a little bit here on
purpose because yeah because For Better
or For Worse this is the communication
Lifeline that they have to each other
that they're used to and cold
turkey may not be ideal
in in I I've got a few opinions on this
I think if you look at the list of
things that they mentioned I don't
necessarily know that Discord would be
on there I think it would be um but I'm
not certain because Tik Tok Facebook
Snapchat Instagram X Reddit all of these
are Big feeds of information you jump on
it's forcing content into your face
something like teams speak
especially but also Discord you are more
joining things if when you set up
Discord by default there's
nothing and then you join a server right
there there's some there's some action
that you have to take on X or whatever
there's there's like a there's a home
feed on Reddit there's a home feed
Facebook home feed Tik Tok home feed all
these things have a feed of information
that is given to you no matter what um I
I think it's different I don't know how
this law would view Discord maybe it is
included maybe it's not um but something
that I would really push is that I
guarantee you day
Zero people are going to figure out how
to interact with each other in some way
um I think the the comment that you made
and one of the comments in here talking
about how they can't participate in
society are both assuming that humans
somehow for some reason for the first
time in however many years you believe
in uh decided to stop in ating which
just makes no actual sense um like
people are going to communicate there
there's going to be a way um so I'm not
I'm not personally super concerned about
that
um yeah I don't know I think there'll be
growing pains for sure I think you
underestimate the the inertia of being
used to something I I completely no I
completely believe I think there will be
growing paints 100% what what my whole
day Zero thing wasn't like it'll be good
day Zero my point was that people will
be trying things working on things Day
Zero it might take a pretty considerable
amount of time um but I also think that
that's okay I I don't think that we
should not do things because there is
any amount of downside um I think we
should recognize that there is a immense
and extremely deep deeply rooted
negative impact of having um kids on
social media um I I think it's I I think
social media of all kinds is is
genuinely like a negative thing for for
a lot of society I think there are
positives to it but I I I do think for
the most part it it negatively weighs on
a lot of people Doom scrolling um you
know if you have
a there's this whole concept that like
relaxation and rest is actually very
important and there's there's
been some studies I'm looking into this
recently that people aren't receiving
the amount of relaxation and rest that
they should have have because you're
you're going to work and stressing and
then you're coming home and your your
rest time
is content Etc which is Extreme
stimulation and extreme stress because
the stuff that's working really well in
those platforms is is negativity it's
really bad news it's all these it's it's
fighting it's you know when you when you
work and you have a stressful day and
then you go home and you fight people on
Twitter you're not resting uh here AED
here's a pitch from chat um from
Alon what if they baned algorithmic
social
media rather than just social media in
general because if you strip away the
algorithm element of it um I mean it's
basically just you could draw a lot of
parallels to something like a Discord or
an iMessage group chat or a forum I mean
is Twitter really that different from a
forum at that point right you've got
you've got a parent post and then you've
got a thread of replies fundamentally
you can you can DM other people in their
replies you know like I actually do
think it is I I do I do think it's quite
different and that that's why I was
saying like I don't technically know
when looking at this if um things like
Discord count because um there there's a
so okay algorithmic sure but on stuff
like X or Twitter or whatever there's a
global
feed um on stuff like Facebook there's
there's Global Information if there was
a way to use Facebook where it only ever
well that's what I'm talking about
that's what I'm talking about your
friends list yeah so no no algorithm
feeding yeah okay um I think that would
be a lot better to be clear I'm not
saying that any of these platforms are
going to agree to build that version of
their product for Australia like I don't
I don't think that's going to happen I
mean this this mostly is just the
reality of it is and I don't live in
Australia I don't have any kids who live
in Australia so to me this is just kind
of an academic conversation and I'm
sorry that this is actually impacting
people how whichever side of the fence
you you sit on on this issue um but for
me this is just kind of an opportunity
to to to talk about you know because it
just whichever whatever position you're
in whichever your stance is I think what
we could probably all agree on is that
this seems like it got rushed
um this seems like it got pushed through
without
necessarily full consideration of the
ramifications and that's really been my
main point this whole time I'm not
saying that I disagree that kids should
not be on social media um I'm just
saying that it seems like there's a lot
we haven't considered here um meanwhile
in 13 European countries Tik Tok is
blocking users under 18 from using its
beauty filters defined as effects
designed to alter your appearance
particularly effects that users may
mistake for unaltered video
and effects which are designed to be
obvious and funny which will not be
blocked so so the specifically the
beauty filters are the ones that are
designed to um look like an unaltered
video uh Tik Tok which already doesn't
allow accounts for users under 13 also
said they're developing machine learning
technology to help detect and prevent
people under 13 from being on platform I
don't know how effective that's going to
be uh probably about as effective as it
is right now which is zero I mean I
definitely have young relatives who are
on Tik Tok more than I would allow my
young relatives to uh be on Tik Tok but
um I I can't tell other people how to
parent I think the thing that I would I
would add before we go on is that I I
think much more Silo experiences like
Discord I think I'm wildly more okay
with h Discord can be a Discord can be
pretty wild west man like you can you
can find some pretty some some pretty
unhinged stuff on Discord pretty easily
oh 100% if you join if you join the
certain servers that have that but I
think it's in my opinion it's a lot
easier to as a as not a parent I have to
assume as a parent that it would be
easier to watch Discord usage I'm gonna
blow your mind I'm G blow your mind
right now
the parent
generation the parent generation never
had a shot dude like I I attended this
thing our YouTube rep asked me to go to
this like technology and parenting thing
to to connect with um oh shoot what what
what was her name basically she runs
this not for-profit that's um that's
really focused on media literacy um
especially in children um Med media
smarts uh so they're a Canadian not
for-profit um so she really wanted me to
connect with her and they were I mean
the presentation was totally um
pointless for me it was like very basic
it was like very thousand foot view of
like you know the importance of of
talking to kids and you know uh what
does managing screen time mean and you
know stuff like that right um but one
thing that I thought was really
interesting about the conversation oh
shoot how did I get kicked on to this ah
where were we NOP now I've
forgotten frud
controls I was talking about Discord
using Discord ah yes Discord okay so one
of the things that that I thought about
and that was part of my conversation
when I was chatting with her was that
you know we're having this conversation
where we we talk about you know best
practices for you know guiding our
children's online interactions and you
know supervising screen time rather than
than limiting it or using Parental
Control software like actually like it
it was good it was a good chat it was
like you know healthy healthy parenting
guidance actually it was really good
but I basically told her I was like look
you got to something that I think is
kind of missing in this sort of an
academic discussion is that the average
parent is not equipped to do the things
that you're asking them to do the vast
majority of the parents that I talk to
and these are these are parents like
myish age like I'm a relatively young
parent in my son's cohort but I'm not
that young anymore by the time we make
it to my second daughter's cohort um
just cuz like Ivon and I had kids pretty
young relative to other Millennials so
you got to get to like our third kid by
the time I'm sort of the same age as
people whose first kid is the same age
as my youngest um so I'm so I'm running
into people like my age people who grew
up on MSN Messenger and habo hotel and
the majority the majority have no idea
what the Discord even is let alone how
to tell what servers their kids are on
and how to go look through their history
or figure out who they're friends with
or even know what that cute little Ghost
Face icon even means they don't know
they don't understand and you can you
can kind of like you could like crap on
them be like they should know sure but
they don't and that's the reality yeah
yeah getting mad is not gonna actually
change anything yeah I think I I agree I
I think it's just like some amount of
anything like no matter what detection
that they do I'm just trying to think
like you know if you put me at 13 I'd
get around it I don't I don't care what
they do I'd find some way if I actually
wanted to um but leaving some form of
barrier in place to try to
dissuade using these platforms
um is probably a good idea because they
I
I I know people personally that I think
honestly
usage of these types of platforms has
introduced more brain
rot than like Weed and Alcohol um like I
I I think it's really bad I think it has
a huge potential for negative in
people's lives so holding off until
people are a little bit older and
hopefully a little bit more aware um of
the impact that can come from these
things um can be good
um if if they really want it find a way
and it's not like you're completely
stopping them from communicating
um and yeah and things like team speak
and Discord I think are are less of a
negative impact than than other things
although
anything ever is going to have downsides
right like even Social Clubs you could
have predators there oh for sure like
like you have no idea right like there's
there's always every single thing you
ever do is going to have some form of
downside so anywhere where children
congregate intentional choice of words
Predators will will find a way to
infiltrate um totally yeah so shout out
yeah shout out Medias smarts. CA by the
way so uh one of the things that you can
do is you can share resources like this
um they I I only met
the yeah so flashing back yeah they talk
about um media literacy in particular
like how to recognize fake news how to
fact check uh how to do your own
research a lot of people say do your own
research but a lot of people um who try
to do their own research are giant
idiots and probably shouldn't do
their own research they should just find
someone who did the research for them
and they should listen to them uh
unfortunately because they have no idea
how to do their own research they have
no idea how to choose someone to do
research for them so they're hopeless
but anyway mediasmarts doca check it out
ah and yeah so strawberry in floatplane
chat says media safety should be
mandatory in education IMO that's a big
part of what media smarts is actually
pushing for and one of their big
frustrations and I uh I I we're very
much like our Southern neighbors this
way is that our our educational
curriculum is handled at a provincial
level rather than at a federal level so
instead of them with their very limited
resources and money lobbying being one
body right at at a federal level they
have to go around and they have to lobby
at a provincial level to try to get this
stuff integrated into the platform to
try to build these resources so it's a
it's an important Mission it's extremely
challenging it's an extremely
challenging thing to tackle especially
when there seem to be much better funded
organizations that have uh a lot more
interest in keeping people media
illiterate um which is a which is an
unfortunate fact of our
time yeah
any who uh merch messages I guess we're
supposed to talk about those I guess
we'll also do like announcements and
stuff hey that's right LTT store Black
Friday deals are live and oh we have
something special going
on um blah blah blah okay I'll get to it
I'll get to this in a second we just
dropped our Black Friday deals this
morning you can save up to 50% oh are we
down b b
are we down I
um can't
tell Black Friday is live unlike the WAN
show okay apparently it's just uh
apparently it's just uh just float plane
okay and apparently some people are back
cool well anyway I'm going to get
through this you can save up to 50% on
some of our most popular LTT store gear
today including mystery screwdrivers for
just $40
50% off our Workshop jacket 50% off a
mystery color block hoodie and $10 off
that is what 30 33% off our scribe
driver bolt action pens these are some
of our hottest items and these are some
deep deep discounts better yet we also
just dropped the backpack land party
bundle which includes an LTT backpack a
Corsair k70 Core 10 keyless gaming
keyboard and a Corsair Qatar Pro gaming
mouse all for the price of just the
backpack so that's $140 in added value
for free included with the backpack
actually didn't even know that the
backpack
deal yeah I knew I knew we had a
backpack deal that had those things I
didn't realize it was just all of those
things for free yeah well that's a deal
that's a that's a type of deal yeah sure
we're also we're also offering free
shipping on orders over $250 to the US
and Canada and free shipping over $300
for the rest of the world so it's never
been a better time to load up on deals
than at the LTT store Black Friday sale
man there's a this has become a very
this has become a very busy page and I'm
sorry for all the stuff popping up and
everything but the team's been working
extremely hard to uh to get it get all
the deals working in the first place so
you know if there's the odd hover thing
that's kind of in your way don't stress
don't stress anyway but wait but wait
there's more if you were already on our
mailing list you already know about all
of this something you didn't know though
is this we are giving
away a super sized LTT
screwdriver fully functional we're
giving one
away yep we are giving away a full this
super sized LTD screwdriver to one lucky
customer who purchases a ratcheting
screwdriver bundle boom mic drop
screwdriver drop um so we'll have the
full details at lmg Dogg bigriver the
bundle includes an LTT screwdriver the
stubby screwdriver and an extension
shaft in either black and orange or all
black and saves you 20 bucks versus
purchasing them all separately if you've
already purchased one throughout Black
Friday don't worry you are already
entered in the giveaway so you can find
the full details lm.
g/b driver uh the last announcement is
next week on Flow plane we're going to
have a new series Tech upgrades where
are they now with Ariana being our first
Focus uh I've been asked to start
playing at 3:46 Dan are you set up for
audio
what
what why are we ever not set up for
audio do we uh no I just thought video
cool I got you
all right well here's
Ariana we needed it now this is the
sorry what what just happened did what
was that I also had this baby gate oh
that was falling down the stairs I was
like we don't need it cuz I have it for
Odin just in
case we needed it now this is the bunny
room oh my goodness sadly peanut is not
here anymore more he passed away a
couple months ago due to some health
complications so it's just me and Odin
my little dude he's got hay on his face
right now cuz he's a little Messy eater
was that the part that I was supposed to
play hold on let me find out at 3:46
until 4 minutes oh I'm at completely the
wrong time time stamp okay well let's um
let's go to the time stamp I'm supposed
to be at and let's try that again shall
we use these stairs very well um but if
you come down here you can actually see
oh no there's a mark from when Elijah
slipped oh wow um yeah sorry
Elijah
anyways that's all there is to it
yep all right hilarious are we going to
reimburse her for the damage to her
house um I don't know we gave her a
$5,000 upgrade I think she'll be okay
anyway go to lm. g/f Flat plane to get
access to more videos extras and other
few special treats we have cooking for
the holiday season all right I guess
this is where I explain merch messages
so if you guys are picking something up
from the store you'll get an opportunity
to leave a merch message in the cart
you'll see a little box when we're live
and it'll allow you to fill a thing out
it'll either go to produc well it'll all
go to producer Dan who will reply to it
pop it up down there do both of those
things or he will curate it he will send
it to someone internally or send it to
me and Luke to answer so why don't we do
a couple of merch messages want to show
us how it works Dan sure what is the
best worst deal LT store has ever
done I think the mystery screwdriver
deal is probably right up there with our
best deals um I think the I think the
Willy Wonka deal on the 3D down jacket
was pretty cool I think it was a one in
10 chance to win or something like that
it was either 1 in 10 or one in five it
was like a uh no no no sorry it was
either 10 in 100 or 5 in 100 it was
either 10% or 5% um and people won a
trip here like literally like a couple
dozen people won and came and got tours
just for buying a 3D down jacket that
was a pretty cool one um in comple says
$15 hoodies on Lime day that was crazy
that was like way below cost Jerin says
$5 desk
pad uh yeah that was stupid we shouldn't
have done that um yeah there's there's
some stuff we really just like straight
up shouldn't have done um yeah $29 for
the Dropout was great says Crystal as
for the worst deals we've done I don't
know if we've ever done like a bad deal
I can tell you what our worst performing
product is though do you guys want to
know all time I it might be of all time
it's it's really bad it doesn't sell at
all like nobody cares I I love it I
think it's super cool but it's uh oh
yeah you can see um well it's a better
deal right now I'm pretty sure this is
below our cost I I would have asked for
this to be priced a little bit higher
than this but our GPU crash Tower game
um it costs what it costs because that's
what it costs to get detailed laser
engraving uh across you know that many
little pieces of wood but this thing did
not sell at all like at all um I'm going
to actually message them to save one for
me I don't have one yet but I I want one
uh by the way Nick messaged to say that
it's just unfortunate timing that our
Precision screw driver sponsor spots
came out first we have lots of other
ones going for other products that are
in stock it was just yeah just really
unfortunate
timing hey can you guys hold on to a GPU
crash Tower game for me period I don't
have one yet and I would really like to
remember my worst product
idea actually don't think it was my idea
but it was uh I I I was very supportive
of this project in spite of the fact
that it was like obviously made no sense
like I think you can get first party D
Jenga for like $12 or something like
that but first party D Jenga is not
Lazer engraved I don't even know if
that's engraving whatever it's not
lasered it doesn't have
lasers I mean it has a little bit of
lasering just way
less oh all right hit me Dan sure I've
got one for Luke here Mr
Luke if Canada banned chicken would you
move chicken
banned chicken uh I would I would start
uh man what did they what did they call
it was it bootlegging when you never
have sex again could you live without
it that's a good point I might have to I
have to do remote W shows forever um
what what was it called when people
would run alcohol during the pro lagging
bootlegging yeah okay I thought so um I
feel like I would end up like
bootlegging chicken breast bootleg
chicken I feel like if you put a chicken
in your bootleg it would probably be not
safe for consumption by the time you get
to anywhere to cook it I see I need LT
store like active cooling boots
um yeah I don't know uh I don't know in
all serious like no I can't just like
move away from work regardless of what
weird actions Canadian government takes
but it is what it
is I mean yeah I'm they might do some
weird stuff so we'll see we'll see how
it goes oh yeah oh yeah I suspect the
next four years for the whole world is
going to be weird d it's it's have have
you oh man this is maybe not a topic for
wano but it's it's C the the consistency
at which every single ruling party in
every single country in the entire world
is being voted out is
nuts yeah ours is next oh yeah oh for
sure yeah there's no way he holds on
yeah and it's it's almost like it's
almost like there were Global events
that took place that contributed to the
challenging environment that they were
all dealing with I'm not saying that I'm
not saying that all or any of them or
whatever I'm not saying any of them were
doing a great job given the
circumstances I'm just saying I'm just
saying it's almost like there was a
whole thing you know that was going on
on a global scale almost like that yeah
it's almost like that
next up
Dan uh yeah do you want to hit us with
one more Dan I know there's a there's a
lot now that we've highlighted the Black
Friday deals they seem to be coming in
at a pretty ridiculous rate I've only
got four curated most people are just
like awesome thanks for the deals oh
that's nice shout out those people rip
my wallet Etc oh wait no before you do
that before you do that there was a a
chat uh a chat that I wanted to respond
to that wasn't a merch message Ash 69
said at Linus xqc needs help building PC
again why doesn't he just buy one at
this point did he learn nothing like
honestly I I I don't think he should
build a PC I um I think that he should
buy a
computer that's what I think just add
that to his Amazon list got a Mac Mini
from Amazon uh JC says my partner just
picked up nearly $300 worth of underwear
from you guys she's texture sensitive
and your underwear is the most
comfortable she's ever found thank you
for making great products um
make sure she gets as much as she'll
ever need I don't think we're going to
stock it again because it hasn't been a
big mover so no no that's what that's
what happens with our that's I think no
we're bringing back the men's stuff but
we've had some trouble with suppliers
for the men's stuff so it's um thought
you're getting rid of the men's yeah
it's kind of in uh might have just
implied that I wear women's underwear um
yeah I met a I met a guy from AMD here
while I was on my trip and he was
showing off all his his AMD drip um and
he had like branded socks and he had
actually very sharp looking AMD branded
dress shirt that had the AMD logo on the
collar it looks actually very good um
and then I pointed out like yeah you
can't always tell these days but I'm
also dripped out and LTT stuff because
like you at the time I was wearing the
the tall black long sleeve yeah so like
you can't tell that it's LTT merch but
it is uh and then I I commented on about
how even even my underwear was was
company brand um did he have underwear
did he have AMD underwear no I didn't
then we win yeah yeah yeah and I have
good news for you Luke we may be close
on
socks really that is actually genuinely
very exciting yeah um oh man okay
Tatiana the one and only Tatiana may
have found something it's not the same
as the darn tffs that I like but what it
is is very competitive in the ways that
um I care about and maybe maybe even a
little bit better in some ways I didn't
know I cared about so we'll um we're
going to see we're going to see we'll
see yeah she she leaked like she leaked
like three projects when she came on the
16 the sweet double sweet 16 stream it
was it was crazy it was crazy I was like
I was I was this close to filing a union
grievance
this close that is my
job you can't you can't take my job um
yeah we just we just need Footwear now
and then then I'll be able to be 100% LT
products just duct tape the plastic bags
to your feet all right sorry Dan I
totally interrupted oh my God we're up
to 17 merch messages per minute it has
doubled in the last like 2 minutes yeah
hello my Paras you get for for saying
you have it under control I got it under
control sorry Dan it's the delay sorry
Dan it's the delay I didn't mean to
interrupt I got
it hello there's no actual delay between
me and Dan I'm just doing this to mess
with them all right I'm going to screw
with lus I know how to do that try and
talk
now I was going to say you can just m
him
no oh you put an echo on me dude that
will not stop me at all you wouldn't
believe oh my gosh you are super capable
of doing that dude that's not that's I
ran W show I remember I used to be the
producer of w show so I ran W show while
hosting W show with delayed audio in my
ears for years dude you cannot do
anything to me I can sing in harmony I
can barely let's go I can barely talk
with any sort of like delay around 15
anyway here is a merch message for you
yeah uh this one is hello my parasocial
friends in quotations hello Dan Ramses
all today Lenny face also Luke how's the
food at this side of the pond any other
funny or nice things happening in the
land of
baguette uh no food's amazing um funny
things happening I don't think there's
been a lot of particularly funny things
happenening
um I went snowboarding the that was fun
sick it's been it's been a great trip so
far um so you went all the way to France
so that you could go to
Switzerland Wow way to betray way to
betray your French lineage way to betray
your French lineage
Mr oh dude I've been roasted so hard for
that the whole time I've been
here anytime anyone figures out my last
name after I've already made it clear
that I can't speak French they're like
what are you doing
especially especially at that point in
time they assume I'm American then I'm
like no I'm from Canada and they're like
that's
worse so I don't know I mean that's fair
but I mean if you are
American then I guess I can
understand terrible canadi I mean the
consistency of which I've been roasted
for that is wild I was at a Christmas
Market technically tonight I guess I
don't know whatever
um and and I was shopping and and the
the lady was like oh where are you from
and I was like Canada um and she started
roasting me before she even knew what my
last name was then I went to go pay and
she saw my name on my card and she was
like
[Laughter]
what yeah my bad yeah get good scrub um
all right what are what are we supposed
to be doing right
now more topics sure let's do topic oh
dude dude wait can you can you okay okay
oh dude this is amazing in a first ofit
kind lawsuit Sydney Nicole gford is
suing fellow Amazon influencer Alysa
shial for copyright infringement and
misappropriation of
likeness both create content in the
clean girl aesthetic characterized by
neutral colors minimalist decor and a
focus on self-care but gford alleges
that Sheil has harmed her earnings by
copying her content including featuring
the same types of products posting
similar poses and outfits matching
specific frames of her videos and even
getting a similar flower tattoo on her
left bicep just like gford Shield denies
copying gford and claims that the
similar ities in their content are due
to the nature of the Amazon influencer
program and the prevalence of the clean
girl aesthetic she argues that many
influencers feature the same products
and that gford style is not Unique Kind
of own goaling with that one IMO says
Riley sorry that's he added that to our
notes legal experts suggest that gord's
case faces challenges because copyright
law offers limited protection for the
type of content she creates um given the
generic nature of many of the images and
lack of exact exact replication the
similarities may not be sufficient to
prove
infringing our discussion question is
what are the boundaries of intellectual
property in the influencer industry
where repeating Trends is kind of part
of the culture like like memes um could
we sue another YouTuber for making
junkyard Wars for example wait oops
that's the US version of the UK show
scrap Heap challenge um which we
actually did realize when we named our
things scrapyard Wars but hey at least
it's not quite the same thing now
everything that I said everything that I
said just now is is sort of
um hard to wrap your brain around until
you actually look at the content so I'm
going to I'm going to pull these guys up
hold
on uh here we go I'm going to pull up
the one and then I'm going to pull up
the other one and it is
I know that people have some thoughts on
the verge or whatever um it is worth
firing up The Verge I'm going to uh Dan
can you share the article with people
it's worth firing up The Verge and
reading this article it's a long read
but just look put your put your Subway
Surfers aside for a little bit and read
it because it is sort of mindblowing
it's it's an outstanding piece of
Journalism and
hold on I'm just trying to contr F
crying out Sydney here we go it's an
outstanding piece of Journalism because
it manages to tell both sides of the
story in a way that I think is
shockingly unbiased because if you're
anything like me you're going to look at
these two and you're just going to kind
of go
okay oh crying out loud just find the
stupid thing here okay here we go you're
going to look at these two and you're
just going to go yeah how could anyone
be more generic than
this and how could one painfully generic
person um accuse another painfully
generic
person of like stealing their
Vibe when when this is it I
mean I oh man I told myself that when we
covered this I was going to try to stay
neutral but like my God you didn't
create the products like their color
palette yeah you didn't you didn't
create any of these products do you
understand do you understand
where that took me way too long sorry do
you understand where products come from
okay because it wasn't from you it
wasn't from your Instagram page it was
from a company somewhere that engaged a
manufacturer some somewhere built a spec
for a product and created it and if it
exists on Amazon there are literally I
promise you the minimum order quantity
for them is thousands of units there are
literally thousands of them that exist
before you ever touched
it how can you possibly how can you
possibly say that someone is like that
someone is infringing On You by
featuring the same like purse or
whatever I I am I am
beyond I am beyond words on this whole
vibe um any man is telling us to check
examples from The Verge article but I
would recommend people just go look at
the Verge article themselves the the
main thing that stands out to me is is
probably the um the arm tattoo if those
are actually super similar that could be
getting kind of weird they're in the
same spot but let's be realistic there
are are not that many um there are not
that many spots that like people put
tattoos uh I will show just the tattoo
tattoo though I'll show just the tattoo
here no not
really a rose it's definitely similar
Dand lons yeah it's in like kind of a
similar spot but like and it's a similar
style like look if I got a stamp
would one of them accuse me of copying
them
like well
one I'm not saying like an enlarged one
second like I'm not I'm not saying that
either of them has one I I I doubt that
stamp is part of the clean girl
aesthetic if anything the opposite but
like my point is just that there's a
finite number of like trendy places that
people put tattoos and I don't think
that you can lay claim to putting a mark
on a particular spot on your body like
there's only so many of
them yeah moo says tattoo fads are
definitely a thing and it's like
I don't I don't know man like I just
even and and you know what there's like
I said the article's really good and it
does a good job of allowing them to kind
of lay out what they think is should be
protected about their business but I got
to say as someone who's in the
influencer game uh even though you know
a lot of what we do is more akin to
vlogging or reviewing as someone who
definitely participates in um
programs
um
honey what you do ain't
unique um and if someone's copying your
stoil then that's good and keep
innovating I've been doing this for one
of them one of them is 24 okay I have
been doing this
since more than half the time they've
been alive I have been doing this since
since the one of them was seven years
old
and let me tell you what you did when
you first started it's not going to work
today and what you're doing today is not
going to work tomorrow platforms come
and go content formats come and go
visual Styles come and go uh you
probably shouldn't have gotten that
tattoo because you know now you've
marked yourself as like you know gen Z
or whatever no in all seriousness get
whatever tattoos you want the point is
just that everything is impermanent and
if you expect like your signature tattoo
to be like a thing and stay fresh and
hip
forever you got another thing coming
that is not how this works I'm
sorry
yeah next topic yeah let's do it anyway
read the article it's really good it's
probably the best piece that I've read
on the verge
in years yeah we don't want to
cannibalize other people's stuff so just
go go check it out yourself um okay do
you want to talk about the hold hold on
there's no there's one thing I'm gonna
read off of it first this is really
funny it's like the the the what is it
the by line the sub headline I don't
know I don't come from print um one
Amazon influencer makes a living posting
content from her beige home but after
she noticed another account Hawking the
same minimal aesthetic a rivalry
spiraled into a first of its kind
lawsuit can the legal system protect the
vibe of a Creator and what if that Vibe
is
[Laughter]
basic oh she called her a basic
without saying it I love
it that's actually pretty
good anyway it's it's great it's great
because there's this undertone of
like okay this is all ridiculous right
like Emperor's Emperor's New Clothes
Like We all we all know this is
ridiculous right but she tackles the
subject matter with such um energy and
and and like almost like doey innocence
like I like I don't know that this is
ridiculous that you you have to admire
it it's it's a really stylish article
it's really good okay all right sorry
Luke go ahead speaking of really good
articles oh okay good that's a good
intro so lonus lonus just dropped this
in the uh in the topic suggestion chat
with no context and I had no idea like
okay is he gonna try to is he is gonna
try to roast us or what's the what's the
plan here um the intro at the beginning
of this show seemed positive so that's
cool but yeah I thought this was a great
uh this was not my idea I thought this
was a great idea um Luke cenon did a
fantastic job U but yeah what what what
do you what do you want to discuss in
particular I just want to talk about how
the lab is quietly doing some really
cool stuff and massive shout out on and
Lucas and this is pretty cool on LTT
labs.com I came across this completely
organically someone actually linked it
to me on social media I did not I did
not go to like my own website I own and
see it I like someone sent it to me um
and it's really cool when we tested the
Corsair SF 850l power supply we noticed
that both the box and corsair's website
said it was 80 plus gold
certified however when we checked clear
results database it was actually rated
as
Platinum how interesting of a thing is
that why on this Green Earth would
Corsair a company that allegedly likes
to sell you products rate their product
gold when the certifying body that
tested it said it's Platinum a higher
efficiency standard this is such an
interesting question and it's exactly
this is exactly what the point of theing
lab is this is this is the this is the
whole point this is why this is why we
needed to test it okay so this is super
cool um anyway naturally we reached out
to Corsair to ask why
but before we dive into okay so we we do
a little explanation of uh gold silver
and bronze we talk about what efficiency
means it's a really nice little primer
you know like used to exist back in the
day of like written you know articles
and stuff um coming back to it boom blue
balls go read
it yeah it's we we did some tuning um
we're still trying to
learn about white writing for web right
like it's different like and and also
the lab site is a little bit different
like something that I've been kind of
trained on almost is when I'm reading
articles if I see a link in an article
I'm going to expect that it's probably
not linking to me what I actually want I
don't know if you've experienced this
but I've experienced a lot of whenever
there's a link in an article they find
some way to shoehorn it into linking to
their own site no matter what even if it
makes no sense and ours are just like
the link that you would expect it to be
so like when you open opened the I think
it was the the clear like it actually
went to clear's website instead of just
like a back link to our own website um
so we're trying to be legit in that way
there is actually no functional way for
us to profit off of the blogs right now
um nice there's no ads on them there's
not there's nothing like that so um
we're just genuinely actually trying to
make them really good um super cool I I
think they're good yeah check it out
yeah and I would like to point out that
the whole like power supply circuit
thing kind of working check this out
okay recent video from 4 days ago 880
views
880 people watch that that's that's I I
know that's not a w but relax hold on a
second let's go back a little bit this
is why this exists let's look at
everything from around a month ago oh
2,000 2,000 2,000 2 and a half thousand
2,000 views okay let's go back a little
bit further let's go back a little bit
farther 4 and a half thousand 2 and half
thousand 3,000 1 and a half
47,000
62,000 that's what these videos are for
they're meant to be a resource and we're
building we're building a library and
you know what the thing is libraries are
built a book at a time so it's going to
take time but in time guys this this is
it this is the library of how good a
power supply is and I'm I'm just I'm
extremely happy I'm extremely excited
for uh for the work that those guys are
doing this is freaking
awesome all
right oh I'm supposed to do sponsors oh
yeah we got to pay for it somehow uh the
show is brought to you by jump Cloud
burnt turkey is
bad but burnt out it teams are worse
um you don't want to see your it team
sad during the holiday season do you
well our sponsor jumpcloud gives your IT
staff something to be thankful for jump
cloud is an open directory platform that
centralizes your entire Tech stack from
user identities to device management
access you can work remotely from the
beach whether it's with your PC iPhone
Android phone or even a Linux computer
and if you're having a hard time jumping
through it challenges they've got the
jump Cloud Community where it admins can
learn more about jump cloud ask
questions swap ideas and get help from
others in the industry it's a space for
all it Pros to connect and share their
knowledge need a handy template or
script want to brush up on integrating
your hris you'll find it all there so
don't wait join the jump Cloud Community
to connect with other it professionals
at the link in the video
description the show was also brought to
you by LG show the lgr on your desk it's
plugged into things so that's a little
tricky but look how light it is to pick
up as you can see we've been using this
Gram on the WAN show from our sponsor LG
just like its name would imply it is
super lightweight and slick but still
delivers powerful performance with the
LG gram link app you can even connect up
to 10 IOS and Android devices and it's
got AI features too including glance it
enhances productivity and privacy by
sensing your attention and protects your
data from prying eyes with features like
privacy guard and privacy alert while
streamlining multitask asking with tools
like smart pointer and snap window LG
has their own streaming service at no
additional cost that's available right
on your Gram oh really I did not know
that and with their Black Friday sale
you can save up to
$550 on select laptops so there's never
been a better time to grab your LG gam
devices we'll have the link in the video
description finally the show is brought
to you by
vessie you don't want to be spanked by
Santa this holiday so you should stop
putting up a soaked
stalking okay our sponsor vessie is here
to make sure your socks stay dry with
their Black Friday sale you can save up
to 40% on select shoes because the
holidays are all about Cozy Vibes and
steamy moments what is this just not
your feet what is happening what is this
what are these talking points vessie
shoes are breathable stylish functional
and they've got lots of choices their
new Courtside Classics bring that sporty
and retro everyday look with a padded
tongue for extra Comfort or if you're
more of a wild Adventurer their
stormburst high tops combine the comfort
of a sneaker with the grip and coverage
of an outdoor boot because of its
versatility Bessie has been Dennis's
goto wear for every day especially when
he travels so now you can enjoy man this
is these are very disjointed talking
points you can tell Dennis wrote them
sorry sorry sorry uh check out vess's
Black Friday sale enjoy up to 40% off
select shoes at vessie decom jeez
all right he does his best he really
does he really does actually I think uh
Dennis has been has been killing it as
our creative sponsorship I love them so
much I think he's doing a great job all
right merch messages and a bug now
apparently three merch messages all
right hit me Dan sure hey DUS luuk and L
with lmg's address being public and
having held events at the studio have
you had disruptive fans have you had to
put on extra focus on employee
safety um that's a really good question
you know what for the most part our
community is extremely respectful of our
personal boundaries uh we have signs up
outside uh we've talked about it on the
WAN show um there have been a couple of
notable exceptions where people think
that because they're here they are
entitled to you know an audience of some
sort and the reality of it is that in
our business that's a safety issue um
and that's just not something that we
can entertain we have processes for
these kinds of things don't show up here
you won't get a tour you won't get you
won't get a selfie like it it doesn't
work like that um and no it's it's a
really good question but overall people
have been super super respectful and
actually we have found that there has
been a reduction in interest in our
location and interest in uh in
infringing on our privacy ever since
we he almost dropped it Dan sorry um
infringing on our privacy wait you I
thought you were taking it away what are
you doing what did you do it had what in
it he says it had animals in it what is
what is happening am I missing something
sorry it had the the bug there was
crawling around all over it oh okay now
what no it is it somewhere else ah cool
what was I talking about right sorry to
interrupt yeah so actually people have
been better about it ever since we just
published our address on Google Maps
like it's it's one of those things where
it takes a ton of the Intrigue out of it
like I like it actually kind of sucked
back in the house people people were
trying to come by like we we were a way
smaller Channel back then and people
would try to come by more often
uh yeah I spoofed him says regarding the
security issue if I travel from New
Zealand can I inquire about looking
around the studios and pre-arranging a
time for this unfortunately the answer
is no we do meetups and we do tours
sometimes uh we've done it as part of
LTX for example but other than that the
answer has to be no
because no disrespect but I don't know
who you are right and when we're not set
up for it we're not set up for it and we
can't be set up for that kind of thing
every day this is an office this is a
it's a Production Studio we're we're
working right we um we we do have fun I
think we genuinely have fun sometimes
but we have a job to do and we can't
have random disruptions like
that uh Tony B 486 says the White House
gives tours well good for
them um I hear if you go in January it's
it's like
free only you got the
the okay uh Noki 1119 says lonus I'm
curious you mentioned earlier in the
show about conflicting with sponsors
does this also apply to framework and
laptop sponsor spots
I got to tell you I am surprised at how
few our laptop Partners have given
about the framework
investment I think in about the like two
to six weeks after I announced the
investment I had a couple laptop
sponsors kind of go like is this going
to affect your coverage of us and our
ability to work with you in a sponsored
capacity in any way and I don't think a
single deal was so much as delayed by
it like literally no offense to
framework I love framework I love their
mission I am invested personally in
framework and the success of their
mission the rest of the
industry does not even acknowledge the
existence of framework
zero zero like whatever um
I I don't think they see framework as a
competitor I don't think framework has
competitors framework has a product that
is very unique and very framework which
is a really cool thing that they've
managed to do in such a commodity space
as as as laptops right like that that's
incredible to build a laptop in this day
and age that actually has a unique
identity and and value and story
that's I and I mean story without
getting into some cheesy thing about how
every one of them is made out of some
rock that you found on a mountain or
something right like like a real story I
think that's really incredible um
but it's a really small Niche and I just
I just don't think that the main
manufacturers acknowledge it um I hope
that that that changes someday but I I
don't know if I see a path to that right
now I mean I hope I hope
yeah that's all I have to say about that
and I don't think that um and I don't
think that as much speculation as there
might be about my biases or whatever
else I don't think that I've shown any
bias in favor of framework I go out of
my in fact if anything I treat them very
much like the coach's son um I go out of
my way to be to to scrutinize them so
that I will not be perceived as having a
bias which is actually a bias of sorts
but it's not the kind that anyone gets
mad at me about so I guess it's
fine yeah
yeah if you're going to have one that's
probably the the better one to have oh
that's the safer one to have because
it's so much easier for us to uh it's so
much easier for us to just kind of put
on our like well if anything I go hard
at them Shield right and it's like well
yeah what do you get like you can be you
can be like mad about your perceived
conflict or whatever else but the
reality of it is I'm still gonna promote
LG I'm still
still going to daily my Snapdragon
machine from HP like there we go
whatever oh did you think my audio cut
out oh apparently he's fixing something
with Dan in the background all right
cool no I just I just stopped I just
stopped talking mid SEC mid sentence I
ain't doing nothing um what is beeping
though I don't
know man another merch message
um
okay hello everyone been a long time
enjoyer of the show question for lonus
working with Engineers what have you
learned or became interested in I'm
hoping to study outside of school to
become one oh man almost every talking
to someone who is knowledgeable and
passionate about just about anything is
super interesting I never thought that I
would care and I'm talking about
Tatiana's spot on the sweet double sweet
16 stream again I never thought that I
would care about fabric weights and
composition but you talk to somebody
like that about it and you're like dang
this is cool you know and it's and it's
the same you know you talk to you talk
to someone like tinan uh and I'll use a
non-work example you know Tan's uh I'm
not okay I don't want to give away any
personal information but tinan knows a
lot about um rehabilitation
equipment and like workplace ergonomic
equipment he knows a lot about that I'm
not going to explain why and talking to
him about that stuff it's just
like it's cool there's there's there's
so much more to like like rehab than
just you know taking it easy or whatever
else um I'm trying I'm trying to think
of like oh man I they they never let me
talk to Nate in merch meeting because
the project that he's working on is a
very long-term project and the reality
of it is that I don't really need to I
don't really need to talk to him for him
to keep working on it but um but I love
talking to Nate about it because he I
think believes extremely strongly in the
product that he's building for LTT store
right now and is genuinely excited about
telling me about the the roadblocks that
he's able to overcome and and some of
the exciting features that we might be
able to have and just I don't everything
everything is cool when you dig
deep enough into it
um or maybe it isn't but if it isn't for
you then I think you know you got to
learn to be curious I think you I think
you genuinely have to learn to be
curious I don't think that everyone
naturally has the uh the the instinct or
the impulse to ask a follow-up question
and uh because if they if they did then
everyone would have you know the same
coverage say for example of a of a new
news story but if someone else's is
deeper it's because they they had the
Curiosity to to ask another question and
I think that's something that you have
to
practice do you think do you think
that's a modern thing do you think
that's because
of the internet no no I don't think so I
think that if anything
like literacy should have made us more
curious if anything
and I think that historically our our
capacity for exploration and and and
digging deeper into things was was lower
I think we were I think as a species we
accepted easy answers um without the
same critical thought
that largely people at least attempt to
give it
today yeah yeah fair enough
um all right sorry what are we supposed
to be doing Dan one more merch message
and then we're moving on to more topics
neat okay sure thanks for the way show I
love listening every week I teach it a
digital art High School what tips could
you give for throwing a small land party
maybe 20 to 50 students and maybe some
specific games that would work well well
first things first I can tell you that
20 to 50 is a big range 20 is a
reasonable size land party I would say
that's a mediumsized land party 50 is
big
so you are yeah 50 is a freaking lot to
coordinate because as soon as it's
bigger than a Lobby right as soon as
it's bigger than one lobby all of a
sudden it's either like freefor all and
people are just playing World of
Warcraft on their computers over in that
corner and they're doing whatever over
there or you are like managing multiple
events right because almost there's
almost nothing where you're going to
have 50 people playing concurrently at
the same time
um so what I would say is I would say
limit your seat count to some decide on
your games and then limit your seat
count to something that you can actually
manage and if you can I would publish
the games and schedule that you're
planning to play ahead of time people
will hate it they'll be mad about it
that you're just like this is the game
we're playing from this time to this
time and this is the next game we're
playing and this is the next game we're
playing but when the event is done they
will have had way more
fun and they like won't know why um the
other good thing about doing like a like
a 16 seat or something like that like 8
to 12 to 16 is that managing power is
going to be a lot easier like you can
probably do
about three computers per circuit if
you're in North America maybe four or
five if you're if you're over in Europe
um when you have like 50 people now
you're talking like you you have to drag
extension cords from every corner of the
house or the facility in order to power
all these computers uh when you when you
just have like 12 people you're dragging
like three or four circuits over and
you're going to have a lot fewer like
blown circuit
breakers that was going to be my biggest
point is when you start getting to
numbers like 50 you're now like
investing in infrastructure instead of
just yeah having some buddies over and
maybe buying like a genuinely very cheap
switch when you're at 50 you're you're
you know tables chair is power delivery
networking um I mean they work at a
school so presumably they have tables
and chairs but okay yeah yeah that
helps they asked for specific games Luke
what are your favorite land party
games um I mentioned Savage if it's it's
incredibly old at this point U but if
you can if you can somehow acquire isos
um
because I don't know if there's any
other way to get it genuinely um it's a
great game for when you have very large
groups of people and you want everyone
to play the same game especially if you
have separate rooms of people and you
want people to play game same game
especially if you're at a school and one
of the desks has like a projector screen
so you can have your like Commander
player with the projector screen and
then everyone else's individual units
it's like actually Sensational for that
specific use case um outside of that I
don't know all the classic things I Halo
C is just genuinely a really good land
game um I think Counterstrike if you
limit it to people that don't actively
play is a really good land game jumping
in a giant TF2 Lobby can be a lot of fun
that's very fun yeah you can you can
spark servers that way um so if you
don't necessarily have enough people to
uh make a game like tf2 fun just with
your land if you have enough people to
make the server look active you can jump
into a a a type that you want so you
want like um
247 uh Gold Rush or whatever it's called
you could like jump in there and then
you have enough people in there that
other people will join the server as
well which is cool um we've got to play
that first game Savage we got to play
that at the first wh land because you've
told me about it so many times and I've
never played it it's it was old when I
used to play it and I used to play it
when I was in university so it's
like it's pretty old at this point um
but it's it's yeah if you if you have
two like Commander projector screen type
people because basically one player on
each team plays an
RTS and everyone else on those teams
plays
essentially uh an FPS who whoa whoa
there's Savage Resurrection
what's that from from eight year
coverage from eight years
ago oh yeah I don't
know here what is this so this video is
from the war owl has a quarter million
views uh that Creator yeah this video is
a paid promotion by S2 games for Savage
Resurrection so it must be a cult
classic from the tail end of the second
golden age of gaming returns with Savage
Resurrection was ahead of its time in
2003 well today is today Savage has
returned
so here it is yeah there apparently
there's a relatively modern Savage
Luke interest no idea yeah we're gonna
have to try it I I don't know if it's
any good but we'll definitely have to
try it I'm going to here I'll click I'll
click I'll go to the seam store o
reviews
mixed don't death sentence don't be
misguided by the positive reviews this
game is Dead there's no one online and
no single player content Dev made it
pretty clear they won't be supporting
this game anymore do not buy this is
from September of
2016 mean that makes sense that Mak
surprised by that at
all uh
yeah
so yeah uh like the first Savage even I
I remember when when someone was talking
to me about it I was like how does this
make any sense like this this almost
isn't viable outside of land parties at
SCH TOS like how is this game how is
this game possibly viable at all notice
at the request of the publisher Savage
Resurrection is unlisted on Steam and
will not appear in search so this game
is actually dead can you buy can you buy
a game that's unlisted though I actually
don't know and I'm not uh I'm not logged
into steam on this computer so I'm I'm
kind of curious now we're we're going
have try right now on the
website it
doesn't you can't buy it man this is man
this is sad the fact that games just are
removed from storefronts and and and
that's
it so sad apparently there's also Savage
XR so it's a 16 V6 game with human
Commander so I I think that means I
don't think that means 15 versus 15 and
then commanders either way that's pretty
cool yeah apparently Sav XR is something
as
well what's
that Savage XR download the RTS and FPS
game
uh okay uh well this is a website um the
First the free realtime strategy shooter
for Windows Linux and Mac play for free
be a commander or a warrior Savage XR
the successor of the 2003 the battle for
new Earth takes the yeah interesting
okay well um cool that's probably that's
probably worth checking out at some
point maybe I don't
know nice website though yeah I don't
know if their Publishers or their
developer is still doing anything or not
I do know that um when there was that
big rush for like DOTA style games they
I'm pretty sure they were the ones that
made Heroes of new Earth because I think
Savage was yeah Savage the battle for
new Earth
um so there's some some random history
there.com let's see why don't we do our
next
topic gaming in the USA is about to get
terriable yeah I know um on November
25th president-elect Trump promised a
flat 25% tariff on Goods coming into
America from both Canada and Mexico as
well as a 10% tariff on goods from China
uh some examples of things the US
imports from these countries are about
60% of their uh crude import uh crude
oil imports those come from Canada
almost a billion dollars worth of sugar
from Mexico but probably more relevant
to our audience a lot of tech products
from China uh for example the Xbox
series X is almost entirely manufactured
in China as well as a ton of PC
components discussion question here is
would manufacturing move back to the USA
to help circumvent these tariffs and we
are probably aren't going to get into a
ton of detail on this on wano because we
have a full video coming about this over
the next little bit um I think it's oh
actually it's coming out on Sunday we
basically kind of dive into the politics
aside math is math
um why this is going to affect prices at
the till and uh why now may be a good
time to kind of jump on a new PC or some
some new electronics um our other
discussion question though is do you see
any side effects from this either
positive or negative other than just
higher priced electronics and one of the
examples is Riley had an interesting
take where or he saw an interesting take
where maybe subscription based gaming
Services could boom because people don't
want to buy the hardware but wouldn't be
paying a tariff tax on something like
GeForce now
could we see like an
unexpected benefactor or not benefactor
a beneficiary of
this could could do you think things
like GeForce now might go up in price
though as they have to pay more for
their
Hardware um no because uh my
understanding is NVIDIA does a lot of
their manufacturing with um uh with
foxcon in Taiwan don't quote me on it
being in Taiwan but I'm pretty sure that
nvidia's first party cards are not
manufactured in China which is why
Founders additions were so cheap last
time around ah yeah yeah yeah okay yeah
so just because nvidia's saving on
tariffs on their cards doesn't mean that
their retail price will necessarily be
reasonable but what it does mean is that
their costs are fine so they'd be happy
to lease you those
cards yeah if they see the competition
going more expensive because of tariffs
they'll just go with them
probably well we talk about that in the
video how even if you you've moved your
manufacturing out if the competitive
landscape shifts and I don't know
everyone's paying this price anyway you
just hey thanks for the margin uh so we
we kind of get into the the corporate
logic that accompanies the
decision-making process that leads to
things like shrink flation and just
generally High you talk about did you
guys talk about the whole like um I
don't know the proper terminology for it
but when there's effectively a shell
company in a country that's not being
tariffed and you like s to them ship it
to them and then then they sell it to
the states yeah we we didn't talk about
that um we basically just focused on the
very very very simple dumbed down
version of just like hey when cost go up
price go up because as much as that may
be common sense um to a lot of people uh
it seems like there are some people
who
don't that I mean there's a lot of
people that didn't even know what
tariffs are so yeah it was really uh
have you have you looked at the Google
Trends no oh this is really funny um
check this
out hold on hold on wait for it wait for
it check check this out you're going to
love this uh let's look at let's look at
the past 90 days for no particular
reason um interest over time for search
term
tariffs spiked
on you guessed it November
26th I wonder
why huh I what what what's that Spike
before it what's that one uh I don't
remember November the 8th uh it reached
its uh 61% of its November 26 High uh
pretty
funny very
interesant yep so or wait sorry sorry
sorry sorry point of
clarification um the the the rise sorry
sorry sorry I do know the answer to that
uh the rise after the after this is
really funny after the election was
people being like wait what and then
this was the recent announcement
ah gotcha okay yeah yeah it's pretty uh
pretty good pretty good um yeah so there
was like a big peak in the leadup to the
election and then like uh a bunch of
people figuring out after the election
what tariffs
were all right so that's uh that's
something so uh yeah good luck everybody
should be good
um yep cool uh anyway yeah so we have a
video coming on that uh what what what
else we oh here's a big
topic xos has entered Early Access beta
so Luke uh ashte this is the nas
software company this is this is my
second my second investment uh and this
one was at a very different stage this
was like like Angel level like like
first money into the company that is not
from the devs directly um ashtech the
nas software company that I've
personally invested in announced
yesterday Thursday the 28th that hexos
is going into Early Access beta we
actually have a full video coming
tomorrow that is the first time that I
saw it I gave them the money two years
ago can you believe it's been two
years two years ago and in that two
years I literally didn't see it other
than a couple little like mockups of
what the vibe was going to be like I
hadn't gotten to try it at all Jake got
to try it before I got to try it he got
in a call with John John got him all set
up with the beta and he like set it up
and got some demos ready for us to do
this video so that video the video
coming tomorrow is me fresh eyes hadn't
seen it before getting to experience
hexos and have some idea if they have a
shot at all um pretty
exciting to celebrate the launch ashte
is offering their lifetime license I
talked to them about lifetime license I
was like look I understand subscriptions
are the way of the future they're they
support developers they actually
genuinely do not every company is all
about just like ringing as much blood
from their customer Stone as possible
through subscriptions sometimes it's
just about having a sustainable business
model I get that but I told them it was
very important to me that a lifetime
license would exist they have taken that
extremely seriously a lifetime license
will exist it will be $300 per machine
later right now it is $99 it's $100 um
which is kind of
nuts well remember people are taking a
risked that people are taking a risk
thoughte is a brand new compy literally
brand new company they just went out of
hiding and maybe they don't exist in the
future right we acknowledge that in the
video and we talk about you know what
the mitigations would be for that right
um $100 is is a lot to give something
that is Early Access and something that
we've talked about a lot on this channel
pre-ordering right but there are
mitigations so one is that it's built on
top of traz so even if they were to
disappear you would still have a traz
Nas that's still traz and number two is
that they're offering a 30-day trial
period where they will offer a refund if
you're not happy with the product so
that helped
a lot um so yeah $99 for Black Friday uh
that will be available until December
the 2nd after that early access to the
lifetime license will be
$200 uh so yeah the video is going to go
into a lot more detail but the goal of
hexos is to focus on creating a
userfriendly and simple interface so
anyone who could set up who anyone who
can install Windows XP should be able to
install configure and use hexos is is
basically where we're at actually maybe
a little better than Windows XP is is
what we would strive for and that
doesn't just include like file sharing
uh that should include things like buddy
backup which we'll talk about in the
video uh that should include things like
setting up um apps uh whether it's like
plaqu or image some of those just are
like needlessly obtuse to set up and get
working just to to have the the basic
functionality that you want going and
there's been kind of two takes there's
been two takes on this uh one of the
takes I've seen is this is stupid right
like what it's just a skin for trunz
like I already have
trunz like they sorry they want how many
hundreds of dollars and then the other
take from people who don't post on
Reddit has been to throw money at
FTE to say that they've had a pretty
good initial launch would be a gross
understatement because as it turns out
the number of people that want the the
reliability and the trustworthiness of
trunz but don't want to faf about with
Arcane permissions and processes on
trunz is actually pretty big um so it's
it's been an exciting couple of days for
those guys and uh yeah I'm I'm extremely
proud of them really happy for them it's
it's it's pretty exciting Elijah
actually has a comment in here he says
won't lie kind of bummed out seeing how
many people missed the point of this
software and just immediately complained
about the price personally I think 300
bucks is totally fine for a lifetime
license to software especially because I
spent over an hour trying to figure out
Plex on my trz setup LOL uh and then
highlighted a comment that in particular
made him upset but I'm not even going to
bother reading the comment because uh it
it's okay I'll read one part of the
comment it said just get a qap for a
little bit more it's like right but that
qap you can't upgrade that's that's how
they get you that the subscription is if
you ever want more Bays or if you ever
want a decent amount of processing power
you're going to have to buy a new
one software baby
software so yeah pretty exciting um
people have a lot of pretty good
questions robot Robotech asks can hex
run offline without any connection to
their deck login that was something that
they bunged up in their initial
messaging for the product right now you
have to connect to the cloud dashboard
but at launch they will have a local
only
dashboard and the reason for necessarily
buy things on a promise of features yes
yes yes that um but
I believe that they have heard the
community and understand the importance
of local management I mean I told them
the same thing I actually found out
about the lack of local management from
that interview um and I was like yo I
wouldn't use it if it couldn't be
accessed without an internet connection
and they're like okay fix that for sure
yeah
um R asks does the lifetime membership
include all future updates to my
knowledge it does the best thing to do
though would be to go to the hexos uh
website so it's hex os.com
hos.com uh
some things that are still a little bit
hard to like uh in the text right above
the deal it says get early access to
hexos Beta and limited access to hexos
and all its core features
asterisk so they will add new features
that may be paid features because some
of the features that they add are going
to have costs on their side so they're
doing some um like kind okay uh yeah you
don't use home assistant but for any of
you out there who use home assistant for
instance you can set up home assistant
for unpaid remote access or you can pay
them a subscription and they make it way
simpler they streamline the remote
access process and the reason that you
have to pay a very very reasonable
subscription fee for that is that there
are infrastructure costs on their end to
maintain it um so I think the reason for
the asterisk is that they will introduce
features in the future that will be paid
features because there's ongoing costs
you will not get anything that has an
ongoing cost for example if they were to
have a yeah go ahead I I completely
agree with what you're saying the pro
the problem in my opinion is the the
wording doesn't sound like that uh the
as says some features will not
immediately be available in hexos beta
but a lifetime license grants you access
to all features of hexos forever
including conbase backup premium support
services and other metered Services
which makes it sound um you know
considering it says all features
including other metered Services it
sounds like quite literally everything
is included forever to any degree
um which doesn't seem legit because that
doesn't make any sense in my opinion
um sounds like that I'm trying to find
their Forum it's hub.
hexosomes that's by far the best place
to post it because like I said the first
time I saw hexos was like a week ago
when we filmed that
video so take everything that I'm saying
for what it is everything that I'm
saying for what it is did I just
dyslexia word
oh oh yes yeah I
did okay that makes a lot more sense my
bad freaking me out of here because that
really did sound pretty bad I was like
that makes no sense and that makes sense
because it didn't make any sense because
I read it wrong excluding all the things
that wouldn't make sense like cloudbased
backup premium support services and
other meded services okay good
cravy um anyway the last thing that I
wanted to say about hexos is that the
cool the coolest part of this project is
that the other investor is I
systems um and if you don't know who I
systems is here's a
hint they make
tres oh wow no way yeah
that's kind of cool actually yeah so
this is one of those things where I feel
like a lot of people have gone why would
I want hexos I have TR Well yeah if you
know how to admin tras then by all means
no one's telling you that you like if
you don't need the handholding then that
that's fine but what I suspect is that
for every one vocal
person
um for every one vocal person who is uh
saying like this is stupid I I'll just
roll trunz there's probably a hundred
people who have no interest in learning
traz traz is an Enterprise tool traz is
not designed for home users and it it
never as far as I can tell based on that
I've given them a lot of the feedback
that I gave to the hexos team about what
hexos should look like and they haven't
implemented it tras is never going to be
a consumer tool and the fact that they
invested in hexos seems to be
acknowledgement of that they know they
have a great product stable product a
good product but it isn't this product
and they were like okay well we could
just invest in this product and then we
have a piece of it and then they can
make it that's cool by the way John from
John from ashte is texting me he's like
oh my God Luke
stop I just saw
it oh my goodness
sorry yeah he's like what the
blowing up my
phone well if it's any consolation I'm
just like buying it right now so I'm
paying for my mistake all right okay I
think he'll get over it then um anyway
cool so I'm I'm really excited about it
uh really proud of what the team has
done you guys are going to see it in way
more detail tomorrow um it's it's the
product that only exists
because uh John and Eric the founders
and I share this belief that a DIY NZ
shouldn't be hard you shouldn't have to
understand
like like uh what What's the what is it
ACL like the the access control
permissions thing I still don't
understand LCL yeah you you shouldn't
it's so hard you shouldn't have to
understand ACL to set up a Plex
container you shouldn't have to you
should just like the funny thing is is a
lot of these a lot of these Nas plat
platforms like they have an app store
but they have fundamentally failed to
understand what makes the App Store and
when I say the App Store I mean Apple's
app store they have fundamentally
misunderstood what makes the App Store
the app
store one click that's what makes
something an app store that's the as
that's the aspiration and you know what
there's going to be stuff that's going
to still be challenging on Hex because
you can't do anything about you know how
an open source developer of a particular
app or container implements it you can't
you can't you can't be in charge of that
but what you can do is you can create
tutorials what you can do is you can
simplify as many things as possible I
mean even Jake he was telling me about
this just like off camera before we even
started this project he's like yeah dude
I looked at image like on a weekend and
I was
like nope and he he went back and he
figured it out later because he he likes
a challenge
but he's the kind of person who
literally does this stuff for fun and
he's like what are all these parameters
why do I need all of this I just I want
my pictures from here to there that's
that's all I care about understanding
what an average user actually cares
about is something that I just I feel
like a lot of folks don't and uh and
that's something that that the ashtech
team is really passionate
about I I would
again yeah I'm very excited about this
um if it if it if it's any consolation
to John uh because I screwed up reading
their site I just bought it so hopefully
that helps
um but he wants a pound of Flesh too do
remember it's it's software and a beta
right he says buy two he says buy two
right now don't don't listen don't
listen to him don't listen one's enough
pay my Penance um I'm only buy one but
uh I'm gonna I'm going to probably use
lonus as my as my buddy back up um yeah
man I told you I I told Jake I wanted to
do it as like an employee perk cuz we
could like we could make a video about
it and and like we could yeah we could
make a video about building like the
cheapest paby or something like that I
think we'd have to cap certain people
like Jake um but but if we had like a
buddy backup Target at the office that
would be an off-site backup that
wouldn't have an ongoing monthly cost
and that's like that's the idea that's
the Nirvana that I would I would think
that making Nas more accessible could
achieve and in the long term I could see
them monetizing it I could see them
building their own like hex cloud or
like hex token like and and I know as
soon as you talk about tokens or coins
or whatever everything gets real cringe
but hold on a second that's an actual
like like valid there are legitimate
uses for it yeah super cool yeah I think
uh I think their payment portal might be
having some trouble uh yeah it's
probably it's not the first time I asked
John how much I was allowed to share
about the success that they've enjoyed
over the last little bit and he said you
can say that our mail servers went down
from The Surge when we launched uh and
we've been blown away by the initial
response and the first beta invites went
out
tonight yeah very very Co yeah great job
also it took a long time but it did
process it went through so like their
stuff is working good job
Riley's comment is so funny okay I'm
going to read that comment that made
Elijah mad it said with this $300 you
can buy yourself a Linux course or book
and it will be infinitely more useful
throughout your life it will teach you
how containers work and you'll be able
to install any Linux distribution of
your choice install Docker plus compose
or podman plus quad or kubernetes and
set up your own Nas as a bonus you'll
have a marketable
skill Riley's comment on this is I ain't
doing all that
[Laughter]
yeah Riley's got it I know like based
Riley that's just true Elijah says I
made the exact same face luk Elijah
doesn't get it dude it's so painful I
like I don't know I I deeply respect the
whole home lab idea especially for for
it people uh but some people don't want
to do
that and like even people that want to
you know do professional development in
their own free time um you know maybe
they don't want to do professional
development on that in particular
um it's a crazy idea to some people that
just because someone fixes their
motorcycle doesn't mean they want to fix
their washing machine just because
someone fixes their washing machine and
their motorcycle doesn't mean they want
to fix their computer there are things
that I DIY like Dan loves this story
about how I DIY putting new rubbers into
my windshield wipers it's so B because I
didn't want to cuz I didn't want to like
throw away the entire apparatus and I
read somewhere that you could just
replace the Rubber and it was it was a
whole it was a whole ordeal he loves
that um but the reality of it is when my
here I'm trying to think of something
um when my garburator dies I'll probably
just hire a plumber to come put it in I
don't do everything myself because there
are things that I'm passionate about or
want to learn about or that I'm
interested in or that I have some
requisite knowledge for um I I'll
usually spend a little bit of time
figuring it out myself like when I
installed my lewig bedet I did that
myself I'm not going to hire a PL
plumber to do something stupid like that
like there's you know everyone's got
their limits and everyone's got their
passion projects but nobody has time to
learn everything and some people just
want to pick their battles and for some
people that battle is not a Nas it ain't
true Ness and that's okay and that's
okay like if you you know make enough
money you know riding surfboards anding
beautiful women or whatever that you can
afford to hire someone else to fix your
computer then like that's great and if
and if you make enough money fixing
computers that you can afford to buy a
surfboard and wait okay hold on this
this breaks down a little bit the point
is just that some people some people do
sure
yeah
some if you
okay uh the FTC the FTC is warning that
a failure to commit to software support
could be
illegal a new FTC report warns companies
that failing to disclose how long they
they'll offer official support for their
products may be illegal under the
Magnuson Moss Warranty Act the report
has been praised by public interest
groups concerned about software
tethering which makes devices reliant on
software updates from the manufacturer
and companies randomly deciding to Brick
devices like the Spotify car thing the
FTC examined 184 smart products and
found that nearly 89% of Manufacturers
did not disclose this information on
their product web pages and if they do
include it some manufacturers bury this
information in Spec support Pages or
footnotes and some use ambiguous
language like lifetime technical
support failing to disclose software
support information
could violate the Magnus and Moss
Warranty Act which requires warranties
to include a clear description of what
is covered so hey ashte John I know
you're watching right now yeah make sure
you're doing this cool thanks that's my
investor advice uh okay it could also
violate the FTC act if the omissions or
misrepresentations about software
support are likely to mislead
consumers I don't know what to say other
than Lina con based and I'm going to be
so sad to see her go and I really hope
that all these balls that she's started
rolling don't just immediately get
destroyed
um lenina con we want you here in Canada
if you're tired of um yeah if you're
tired of what's going to happen to all
the great work that you and your
organization have done over the last
little
while that'd be sweet you could come run
it if you want yeah honestly I'd vote
you I'd vote I'd vote immediately do we
have the same do do we have the same
rules as the US where you like can't be
prime minister if you're not a natural
naturally born Canadian like like you
can't be president if you're not born in
America can you be prime minister if not
born in Canada I look that auto
completed uh 23 people have served as
prime minister since the office came
into existence in 186 really only 23
people wow okay uh 19 have been born in
Canada four have been born outside of
Canada including Johnny McDonald is kind
of a like big deal prime minister or
whatever he's on our money I don't
actually know what he did pretty
important um I don't know I think they
should just take him off and put Terry
Fox on the money but that's just me
yeah Dan wasn't talking into his mic but
he
agrees no that came through
actually yeah that's why I sit over here
sometimes that's why I sometimes yell
really loud while I'm over here so it
just comes through your mics it's a
effect you need to be able to speak
French I don't know Lina Khan's based
enough that she could probably learn
French I think she'd figure it out yeah
I would like her more if she didn't
yeah but you're British I mean your
biases are your
biases everyone is who isn't British is
foreign that's how it works someone
posted on the subreddit is again British
and I was like yeah but we like him
anyway that's where the dry wit comes
from one of those Canadians are the good
ones so don't push your
luck Intel's battle mage leaks Intel's
latest GPU known as battle mage Arc may
be launching soon according to to leaks
uh Amazon leaks that's a sentence
fragment anyway
um leaks of pricing seem to fall in the
$250 to $260 range with one leaker
implying that there will only be desktop
gpus not discrete laptop gpus this time
around discussion question do you think
with Intel having a rough year so far
that this could be enough to get people
excited for them
again
I I would be willing to get excited if
the performance is really good in the
$250 to $260 Range man we need a valid
affordable GPU option I need a valid
option guys and and talking about
software support they have taken Arc
Alchemist first gen Arc from basically
unusable garbage to actually working in
the vast majority of games Hardware
onbox found that it worked in what what
was it 94 97% of games he tested like
over 250
games that's pretty good and the ones
that didn't work a lot of them were like
old random stuff where he was basically
trying to find stuff that it wouldn't
work with and and often it was
overcomable because the game wouldn't
work properly because it would not
detect an Intel GPU as a discret GPU and
it would think you had onboard because
back when that game was made Intel
discreet GPU wasn't even a twinkle in
Pat Ginger's eye so I
and I really I really hope it's any good
I really hope it's any good um that's it
I I hope it's any good um finally idium
is developing a risk 5based Universal
processor they're a semiconductor
startup and have announced the
development of a universal processor
based on the risk 5 architecture it's
designed to handle a wide range of
computing tasks including CPU GPU DSP
and fpga functionalities now hold on
just to gosh darn minute because this
sounds like complete Hokum to me because
to be both a CPU and an fpga you would
have to have like the efficiency and
cost effectiveness of a CPU and also
like the field programmability of an
fpga because an fpga the opposite of
that for the other one can be a CPU just
fine it's just like not a viable one
it's not a cost effective one and they
say they would do this all on a single
chip the universal processor is based on
a workload agnostic microarchitecture
that allows the same transistors to be
reused for different processing tasks
eliminating the need for multiple
specialized
cores okay the company has built a proof
of concept emulation that shows its
Universal processor Works allowing it to
secure $3.7 million in seed funding to
produce a working prototype in 2025 it
was found founded by veterans from
Nvidia Intel and Texas Instruments
including CTO Martin vorbach CEO hyan
Shin Cho and chairman Peter Weber
vorbach spent 15 years developing the
technology behind the universal
processor they plan to launch their
first chips in 2026 eventually
developing a complete portfolio of chips
from small embedded devices to high
performance Computing systems with their
goal being to establish its Universal
processor as the new standard in the
industry I
find this very hard to believe but I was
excited enough reading what seems like
nonsense gobbley to me that I was like I
want this on wow that's where I'm at on
this neat good
chat yeah yeah
yeah um rest assured asks I don't know
why server chips from Intel didn't have
fpga sections years ago for specifically
functions and the answer is because they
are so expensive and inefficient they're
so expensive uh those okay here's a
great example uh those little USB ex
fiber extender docks that I have from
iicon okay you would think like what I
don't know USB right USB over
like a cat 6 or a fiber cable or
whatever like that shouldn't be that
complicated right like the data rates
aren't even that high you can do 10 gig
over a over a cat 6A cable surely you
could do five gig it's like well yeah
but it's completely different protocol
so uh are they
expensive yes they are why because
everything in them is handled via fpga
and they have to be high performance
fpgas because of all the translation in
Tom Foolery that's taking place this is
a super cool product very industrial
product it's meant for like if you need
to run a bunch of like USB based cameras
for Machine Vision or something over
fiber or cat 6 uh cat 6 distances very
cool product I use them for workstations
at home because um they sent them like I
I don't think I would pay that much to
have USB bolt exists why does an fpga
make them so much more expensive less
because in order to be field
programmable they have to be much much
lower density and they have to be
non-specialized and they have to be
changeable so the way that they're
architected is just completely different
from an Asic um but what they allow is
they allow low volume products like this
like if this was an Asic this thing
would probably cost a third or a quarter
as much but the reason that you can't do
it with an Asic is because you would
have to you would have to do the R&D
that's involved in taping out an Asic
and that cost you would never recoup
from the number of these that you could
possibly sell so certain low volume
products just never make it
to the non fpga stage like fpga are used
for things like um R&D for something
that will become an Asic another example
of an Asic based product was um Red
digital Cinemas red rocket cards I don't
know for a fact that it's an fpga I
don't think I ever popped the heat sink
off of one but I can tell you because it
was like a $2,000 card it's almost
certainly an fpga and be and because red
would have never done the volume of
business that would have Justified
spinning like taping out a chip it just
doesn't work that way yeah fpgs are
super cool they're just really really
expensive uh ban says you can also send
firmware updates that update the
hardware yes you can update the hardware
of the chip it's super cool it's super
cool I love them so much
yeah but you better be ready for like
you know a couple hundred fpga so that
you can play
like like Genesis games it's like the
power of an Arduino but costs two grand
a
CPU they're they're great they're
great oh Sammy says remember the g-sync
chips yeah those were fpga weren't they
uh if I recall correctly they were and
that was a big part of why they were so
expensive yep yeah if something seems
unreasonably expensive for like how much
processing power in it is in it it's
almost certainly because it's an fpga
and not a volume manufactured
Asic like what's the name of those those
retro consoles
um super super premium retro consoles
they they have Game Boy um oh analog
they have old yeah analog their stuff is
largely very expensive because they have
fpga chips yep and also because they
just build premium products I mean look
at them yeah fair enough but still but
also because fpgas are
expensive yeah yeah retro tank is
another example also rather premium but
yep yeah she be she'd be costly yep yep
yep yep yep
yep all right that's it for topics for
today so I think it's time for when
after dark very after dark for
Luke oh yeah it's uh I it might be
getting light
soon it's yeah it's 5:40 in the morning
here dude did I show you the gym oh wait
I did I sent you a
picture yeah I'm excited smash Champs
gym is based I uh I went on the the
StairMaster yesterday and the bike just
doing doing some of my cardio and it
dude it's nice it's nice I generally one
of the first things I do when I get home
is go to to that gym I want to see it I
the the the picture looks good little
man chose a good
machine oh he was just
posing yeah still for now if he wants
you know if he wants to train in the gym
in a way that will help him with
badminton that is a machine that would
make sense to use so I don't know all
right nice any
lucky all right d you want some merch
messages I mean or do you want to
self-direct whether I whether I want
them or not I feel like um I mean
there's a bunch of curated ones if you
want to go down the list and read them
while I just pop through the rest of
these oh shoot do we still have
incomings oh they're no longer coming in
as fast I'm just working through the
backlog that was about 170
so okay uh yeah I mean it's been I yeah
you know what before we get started
before we get started now is probably a
good time to tell you guys hey thank you
so much for your support we are having
an
absolutely um Wild Black
Friday
um and the show has changed the numbers
more than I expected I just brought up
the report just now um yeah we're having
a we're having a ridiculous um Black
Friday so thank you guys all for being
part of the part of the team's success
here appreciate you all I have been
doing for a minute for the last 2 and 1/
half hours nice let's go Dan so uh you
you dropped a gentle hint that you'd
like me to just read them myself if you
click on uh the incoming merch messages
at the top it'll collapse that yeah I'm
already there okay cool yeah thanks for
the tech tips yeah uh okay Nick
C didn't ask this but I'm curious uh
want to tell us about your
trip uh oh are you not able to yeah no
no no I'm I'm I'm just thinking what
what is all even happened um well you
almost got you almost got stuck like
sleeping at a train
station maybe I can wait to hear that
station until you get
back uh no I think it's fine all right
let's it's not near me so like it
doesn't matter um yeah so I was I was
planning on um I have this habit of
traveling without much of a plan and I I
actually really enjoy the outcome I
don't recommend it to anyone but I I
tend to enjoy the outcome I've had some
fantastic experiences that would have
never happened if I had much of a plan
um but I had an inkling of idea of
something that I wanted to do before I
came here which was go snowboarding in
the Alps I knew I was going to be
somewhat close so I brought some of my
gear um obviously not my like board and
Boots because that's kind of a lot to
haul around but I brought a lot of my
other stuff um and I had planned to go
now I left a little bit late one day but
there was still trains going like it was
fine um I also ended up being late to
one of my so I I left a little bit late
but there was multiple trains that I
could have caught afterwards so it was
going to be fine and then Google Maps
was all messed up because there's a ton
of construction going on so I ended up
missing one of my trains and the next
train wasn't coming for an hour so then
I was even later and I was now on the
this is the last set of trains that will
get you to your destination yeah stage
which is never good to be in especially
when you're in a a country that you're
not used to being in um and then I get I
get most of the way there I'm now many
hours away from from Paris which is
where um I was situated for the obh
event um and there's there's I I
wouldn't say a bunch because I mean it's
the last train of the night there's
really not that many of us um but there
was probably about like 20 or so people
waiting at the station for a train uh
and then the train just didn't show up
sounds like a skill issue maybe you need
training um there was a there was an
announcement that went over the PA
something to do with the train not
showing up and then most people just
left immediately and there was probably
about like five to seven of us left
afterwards um hanging around the station
trying to figure out what's going on um
the station itself was actually like
stunningly
nice oddly enough like there was there
was a climbing wall in the train station
that as far as I could tell you didn't
even have to pay to like you just had to
bring your own equipment like ropes and
belts because it had like the the things
to to Loop into while you're going up
and it like free access climbing wall
plants inside super super nice train
station so I was like okay well I guess
this is going to be the first time I'm
like homeless for a night when traveling
I kind of because I travel with no plan
I kind of thought this would happen
eventually but because I travel with no
plan I always thought it would be my
fault not a train just not showing up um
so I'm I'm like legit I'm texting lonus
lonus and Emma to be fair I was also
texting Emma um but talking about like
the situation that I'm in and genuinely
settling in to just like sleep on a
bench for the night um because train he
was super not thrilled he was like he
was like very cranky about this Prospect
it was pretty funny now that it's now
now that it's yeah any
care the main thing that was concerning
me about it was that like you know I had
my like laptop and stuff with
me so okay I'm a pretty deep sleeper too
so like okay I'll strap it to me and
whatever but someone could just open the
bag um so I was I was not stoked about
that um
but then I mean realistically the French
are more likely to surrender than like
take anything from you so they'll drape
a big white blanket over
you oh my goodness shut
up um so okay so they had one worldlord
Emperor ever and they never forgot about
it they're just going to slip a orange
jacket over him
too stop it join the
fight you got to stop or else you're
going to start another war between the
British and the French
um billion
one um well at this point I think it
would be the EU versus people that made
bad decisions but I don't know um like
like leaving the EU the best decision
I'm not upset I could have worked
anywhere in the EU I'm not
upset now he's stuck here we have you
forever
Dan got him uh um okay so yeah one of
the first things I did was like check
you know hotels in the area um and I
went to two different ones and neither
of them had any vacancy so I was like
okay I guess I'm screwed I started to
settle in and then a a the the the
people that administrated wasn't police
officers but like the people that
administrate the train station came up
and went to go kick everybody out I
don't think lonus knows this part of the
story um because I was trying to figure
out what was going on because I I I was
informed I might have just been dumb
turns out I wasn't but I was still
trying to figure it out but yeah they go
to kick us out of the train station I
can't understand French so I'm just kind
of like standing there watching some of
the guys I was with get in a heated
argument with the people that are trying
to kick us out because they're like well
it's the the Train's fault that we're
stuck here so like you shouldn't kick us
out the next Train's technically coming
in like four hours because the first one
in the morning is super early so like
just let us sit here for four hours who
cares um ultimately they kick us out I
tell one of the security guards
like okay how do I like contact the
train station because I had to buy
another ticket so like how do I get a
refund for my one for today and he's
like oh it wasn't a train it was a
bus I was like what so like I was just
stupid standing inside and the bus left
behind me or something oh no oh man um
and and I'm like well okay all these
other people thought it was a
train and I thought it was a train like
did they just were we all just wrong and
he was like yeah I'm like okay well all
right so and I'm now being kicked out so
I'm like okay it's raining really bad
outside I don't really want to sleep in
the rain so I keep trying to find hotels
I walk up they're all close but I walk
up to one of them and I just stand
outside the door for like a while and
then eventually somebody comes by and
just like opens the door um they had No
Vacancy I go do that to another hotel
and they had one room left and it was
super cheap and actually
it was very cheap and it had one of the
best like free breakfasts I've ever had
anywhere it was super good that checks
out that's for you man um I I was
stunned at how good the breakfast was um
so I I crashed there for like a few
hours and then uh got back to the train
station and no the dude that kicked me
it was wrong it was a train um so refund
which which no I haven't figured that
out yet I'll still try to figure it out
but that that was actually worse because
I spent so long running around trying to
find this bus
oh oh dude it wasn't a bus so I I was
literally like especially as the the
time until departure kept getting closer
and closer and closer I was legitimately
like sprinting around trying to figure
out like where the hell this bus stop is
but Google Maps kept insisting like if I
looked on Google Maps the line was on
the train track yeah so I was like it's
got to be the freaking train well it's
it's a rail
bus um but yeah I ended up figuring it
out I got on the train and it was fine
asks a question that I know the answer
to but I feel should be acknowledged uh
Uber not a thing over
there uh Uber to the destination that I
would have gone to what if I remember
correctly was legitimately like $400
yeah so I'm not paying that yeah no
chance I know he can afford
it but I know he won't pay it yeah
that's ridiculous which Emma was was mad
at me about she she didn't want me
sleeping in the train station when I
could have just got that Uber but I was
like dude there's no way things are
about to get really spicy for a second
things are about to get super spicy
because think I think there's going to
be a double standard in your
relationship you're not even GNA let me
finish you mock her you mock her you
mock her for not wanting you to sleep in
the train station but if she was going
to sleep in a train station you 100%
would be like no I won't allow it
100% 100% if she didn't want to book it
I would have booked it to her location
instantaneously there's no chance yeah
yeah oh man oh man yeah I know I know I
knew the answer before I even started
talking I was like there is no way he
would let em asleep in a train
station yeah I mean there's there yeah
and there's to be clear this is not just
Luke being some kind of manover toxic
whatever the f or whatever there's
legitimate
a far lower chance of Luke being
assaulted in you know overnight in some
you know remote area with no supervision
or whatever it's like actually it is
actually like a numbers game that is a
very different numbers game for him
versus a you know what like 120 soaking
wet lady you know yeah I'm sorry Emma if
I got that wrong one way or the other
I'm so sorry I have no idea how much you
weigh and if I did no because I'd looked
that closely I wouldn't admit it in
front of Luke so that's where we're
at uh the only reason why I had no
reaction to that is I don't either um
so all right perfect then we're
good
right I'm calling her right now
no I think the question is why does Dan
have her number there boom deflected
oh oh you both know why should we do
some merch messages yeah we
should oh man Luke she better not call I
hope she's not watching I'm getting
texts uh Luke what is a memory that will
always make you laugh from the hacker
conference uh the hacker conference that
will make me laugh uh
while you think uh I have a little uh I
have a little message from robot at
dbrand uh read all 1500 of these
comments might be the highlight of the
Year everyone in the org super proud uh
that was a it was a great video I really
enjoy they they really did like roll out
the the red carpet or the lights
completely off glow-in-the-dark
carpet um the the tour really was very
self-guided even though obviously like I
wasn't alone in the building like let's
have some common sense about it but it
was a lot of fun uh it was really cool
genuinely really cool to see their
operation they really do make actual
Goods here in Canada which is a thing
that not a lot of companies do um and
they run a really clean operation um
they've had a few challenges lately
which they have acknowledged and have
been working really hard to overcome um
and they promised us that by the time
this launch went up they would have
things smoothed out and it seems like
things are are ticking quite a bit
better over there in terms of like
communication it's been slow
communication due to some internal
systems changings over and I didn't
fully understand what it was because
there was a bunch of jargon to do with
like crms and management systems that I
don't deal with on our side like it's
all run by the Creator Warehouse team
but I was like I nodded and I was like
okay but like it's going to be solved
and they're like yeah we got you I'm
like okay um but yeah really fun um they
didn't say anything about the ruined
vinyl they actually yeah never never
brought it up to me I'm sure they think
it's funny though um my favorite comment
on the video they actually linked me my
own comment which is funny uh was to
whoever at LTT might actually read this
whoever had the idea to film a desk pad
product placement in front of D Brand's
unreleased stuff and have it be
painstakingly blurred by the editor
needs a raise and I'm only partly joking
that level of thinking outside the box
and being able to look at another
company's confidential unreleased stuff
and think this is where we film our
marketing spot it's perfect is a level
of creativity or whatever you call it
that can't be taught or trained that was
shockingly fantastic 11 out of 10 will
watch again in Li of a raise please pass
on my admiration if you don't mind Big
Mad props and I responded thanks I'll
give myself a
raise I've actually I've actually gotten
to write a little bit more than usual
lately and it's been really fun um I got
to do the
um uh the uh equinex equinex excuse me I
got to do the equinex tour I got to do
the dbrand tour um that one's that one
wasn't really written the equinix tour
was actually written like I did the tour
and then I wrote it um and like I never
get to do that anymore um and then the
dbrand one was mostly just kind of AD
libbed and they actually provided a lot
of sort of guidance for what the flow
would be but I was just kind of doing my
thing um yeah lot of fun and uh I thank
you thank you for noticing I also
thought it was very funny and thank you
to poor editor who had to deal with that
thank you all right
Luke conference I do have I do have an
answer to that so in general it was it
was an absolutely amazing conference I
plan to go next year it was super fun
the people I was with was absolutely
amazing um I hope I get to hang out with
the same group next time um but I I
don't think it was like particularly
noticeably high on humor um so what I'll
give my answer as was the loop the the
funniest thing to me the whole time I
was there I think was the the Tesla Loop
thing um we did that I don't think I've
talked to lonus about this at all but
you know the the tunnel
yeah and they had it's just a car on a
road right like is it's so
stupid it's so
dumb it's really cheap which is nice but
you know because of how cheap it is they
are absolutely unquestionably losing
money on it hand over fist constantly
because not only is it just a car on a
road uh there's
drivers it's not even like
automated you actually get in a car with
someone else and they drive you through
this stupid tiny little Loop thing it's
just it's so dumb it could have been you
know those like uh I don't actually know
what you call them because
escalator would would imply you're going
up um but those like those flat conveyor
built kind of things that they have in
airports that just make you like move
faster when you're walking or you can
stand on it yeah whatever moving walkway
sure they could just have like huge
moving walk travelators they're called
travelators that is such a cool name I
love it that is actually if it's not the
real name I don't care that's that's my
head Cannon now so they they could have
just had a
travelator and honestly it would have
been fine because you have to wait for
your stupid manually driven Tesla to
show up and then you have to like quite
legitimately deal with traffic and you
have to buy this annoying ticket thing
you have to do it through the app I
couldn't even buy it because like
something something I don't know
Canadian so like Theo had to buy my
access for me which felt so stupid but
thank you Theo um if if there was just
like a huge travelator it it would have
been fine um it it was actually just
like
mind-blowingly dumb um to the point
where it was fun so I I'll give that as
my answer all right Dan hey lldd thanks
for the free shipping making the most of
it yeah you are if you had the ability
to remaster a product released
justifying the additional research and
development time what product would you
work on
ooh remastered
product see the thing is I have the
resources to remaster something if I
really wanted
to remastered product man I can't even
remember all the products anymore I kind
of wish we had a product archive I've
seen some customers ask us for it
before and I I I could I could actually
really use it whenever people ask me
stuff like
this um man something that we
didn't H rogness says the Christmas
album absolutely not people are saying
that good try good try good try oh is
that what is that why you curated that
stupid thing absolutely not that oh yeah
for sure for sure for once in my life
being honest with you I don't know if I
believe you I don't know if I believe
you at all
um yeah what if what if a remastered
version of the Christmas album existed
would you uh I would never acknowledge
it it is not my
son I have started getting my my yearly
emails again I get emailed every time a
purchase is done on the Forum and that's
still the only way we distribute the
Christmas album so every every winter I
get random like a purchase was made on
the form because it was uploaded by my
account and how the purchasing system on
the Forum works is there's a commission
system built in so I get 0% commission
every time but
because because it's still technically a
commission system even though it's 0
and0 C it emails me every time letting
me know congratulations you just made $0
and0 cents
oh it's like I gonna get my
paycheck come on after all these
taxes self-employed was like
radicalizing compact disc called you out
Luke with the not so subtle telling
people how to buy it hey man I'm trying
to make you money come on I don't want
that money I want people to spend their
money on stuff that's good the Christmas
album is not
good um Neds a life says the potato sack
hoodie okay sure a remastered potato
sack hoodie would be kind of cool like a
like sick potato sack hoodie not at all
like a like a hint at an upcoming
product if you redid the screwdriver you
could call it the two
driver all right so anyway I need my own
Bell I'm gonna need my own Bell ding the
Bell that's an order
Soldier you you've made nearly five
grand on the Christmas album you'll
probably pass five grand on the
Christmas album this year what do that
uh what does that make me uh so so if if
what what what was Platinum is how many
records Dan you I think it's like a
million okay so then gold would be how
many I don't know 100,000 okay so then
we how far do we have to go down we got
silver we got bronze we got wood uh
we've got those ex is there like silver
and bronze for of course Gold's 500,000
I'm making jokes Luke for crying out
loud I
know could I get a cardboard for selling
$5,000 worth of Christmas
album that would be pretty funny
actually if you did 5,000 then oh hold
on there's there's some other ones say
Oro
platino uh I think we sold we would have
had to sell a thousand units to make
$5,000 so what do you get for a thousand
albums Dan sawdust album deepend sticker
album three bucks each it's three bucks
each oh okay so we sold like 1300 albums
oh so it's it's $3 American though I
didn't think about that oh my God it
doesn't matter I mean it's the ra anyway
so let's see you would have
made3 $3 from Spotify plays wow that's
something these sound like participation
Awards says smallish potato yes that's
the point I don't I don't think that
even counts as participating that's just
like misclicks it's a it's a margin of
error yeah all right okay all right um
remastered product I'm going with potato
sack hoodie there fine that sounds nice
that's a good
hoodie uh halfway through a PhD and
started watching in seventh grade PhD is
on wireless ic's for implantables lonus
as a previous user of the Ura ring would
you implant something of the sort what
risks affect that choice uh for me the
big obstacle to using something like a
smart band is dealing with taking it on
and off and charging it so if it was
something that I could just implant and
it could like charge itself off my body
heat or
something I yeah yeah I think I would I
mean as long as it's made out of like
you know medical grade steel or you know
something glass or something inert I
assume glass is kind of inert I I'd be I
yeah i' I'd be pretty into it I mean we
were before the co lockdown thing
happened we were planning a road trip
down to somewhere in Seattle to get um
RFID things in our fingers like we were
all going to do it we were going to make
a video about it I'm I'm I'm into it I
don't know that I do like serious
augmentation you know assuming that like
a you know bionic eye that could come
out and see behind me was available
tomorrow I don't know that I would do
that but I think that something like an
implantable health monitor or something
seems pretty
innocuous like hot glue a mirror to your
shoulder there you go implantables rauw
asks do we have your permission to
Pirate the Christmas album oh my God
absolutely not because you shouldn't be
listening to it it's not about the money
or not money why would you even say its
name it's about the fact that nobody
should listen to it it's
terrible all right it's it's that that
nobody should listen to it thing it's
true because it's it's actually so
Angelic that it's it's not made for
human con
too it's too good uh Nick says uh we're
going to build a product archive when
the new site comes online so that's cool
and he also says don't oversell the
socks before they're actually for sure
you
numpty I was talking about the socks
earlier whatever I think they're
promising they're promising I'm
excited
okay hello wanted to slowly buy a new
computer and buy used over the next year
what do I need to know and what
sorry what
do I do to know how and what I'm buying
is working is it worth it for a higher
nend PC builds no you should never buy a
part that you don't have something to
plug it into because that part will only
depreciate well I mean okay there's the
Tariff thing but um in general not not
technically always true but it's a
pretty good general rule yeah but what
you should do is should take your
loonies that's what we call a dollar
here in Canada because whatever you
should take your loonies and you should
put them somewhere where they are safe
and will not be spent and then when you
have enough loonies you should buy it in
one Fell Swoop that's the way to do it
what about Rising
inflation
um Dan fine you take your loonies you
put them in an appreciating asset class
and then you hope that it appreciat it's
at the same rate as I don't know the
point is just that I am pretty sure that
the inflationary devaluation of your
Looney is going to be less of an issue
than the um the march of progress
devaluing the parts that you buy give it
six months but the whole naming behind a
looney is pretty straightforward it's
not that hard to grasp yes I know it's a
loon on it it's got a bird on it I know
why it's called a looney put a bird on
it all right enough bird bird up lonus
who is the most famous person you've
ever met sincerely an Aussie who is now
broke but at least not due to shipping
that's a big amount say yourself do it
um do it no no well okay I don't I don't
know if I met Paris Hilton but I
complained about her and she was there
in
person being mean to somebody across the
room does not count as meeting them I
don't know I I that could account right
what is that
even well look I was no I
what I complained about her and she was
there because because because I was at a
BMW event they literally sponsored me to
be there and make a video about their
event and when I asked to go in the
concept car they were like no nobody's
allowed in the concept car and I'm like
Paris Hilton is in it right now
while you're telling me that nobody's
allowed to be in
it if she can go in it then I can go in
it I'm literally paid to be here by you
help help me help
you so like she was she was right there
that I don't think I don't think that
counts as met though that counts as scen
I don't think it counts as well I saw
her yeah that's what I'm saying you saw
her I interacted by proxy with her you
are by proxy not as important as her you
didn't get to sit in the car okay I uh I
attended a seminar given by Chris
Jenner did you meet them or did you
witness them uh there was only a couple
hundred of us there small seminar shake
hands did you did you talk to her though
like did you did you no what I'm saying
is is there got no I got an answer I got
an answer I know I'm just messing with I
obviously know I didn't meet those
people uh probably the most famous
person that I have met is NVIDIA CEO
Jensen Hong and he might not be famous
in the way that we think of like Fame
famous uh but he is very famous um
especially now that Nvidia has become
the world's most valuable company and
like Jim Kramer's talking about him and
everyone's talking about him he's very
four five years ago but I fully agree
now
yeah yeah I don't think I I don't man
see this is embarrassing because I
always forget like I think I have met a
handful of like real
celebrities um I have met Mr Beast I
guess that's valid but I kind of don't
count
YouTubers um so I've met lots of famous
YouTubers I met Mark Rober you know he's
real famous but like when I say when you
say Fame I mean outside of a niche when
you are literally the the CEO of the
world's most valuable company that's a
different kind of Fame that's household
name Fame the best word I guarantee you
more people know Mr Beast name than
Jensen Hong somebody in the Zeitgeist
but but but I would say a wider variety
of people and actually I don't even know
if that's true Luke because Jensen
hang's Fame is international I suspect
most Chinese people don't give two sh
about Mr
Beast I suspect most there's a very vast
amount of people that don't give two
shits about Jensen Hong or Nvidia or
even stocks that know who Mr Beast is
and I'm not just saying because they're
kids um I'm saying like income
situations where that's just honestly
irrelevant to you um would still know
who Mr Beast is that's fair people are
saying Dead Mouse I don't think dead
mouse is more famous than any of the
people we talking about but I've
definitely met
Joel um
yeah I can't think of uh I can't think
of shortcut I think you're underselling
YouTube shortcut says Mr Beast isn't a
niche but also kind of is like the thing
is most of the people I interact with in
my daily life do not know who Mr Beast
is because they're
adults yeah I mean the the Mr Beast
squid game thing got over 300 million
views didn't it yeah I know but there's
a lot of people in the world there's
definitely a lot more than 300 million
people that have a GPU I'll promise you
that like there's there's levels of
mainstream I would say Paris Hilton is a
lot is not the same as knowing about
Jens like I I guarantee you I know
people that are into Tech that despite
nvidia's recent Su success don't know
who Jensen Wong is I just to be clear
I'm not arguing Jensen is more famous
than Mr Beast I'm just saying I don't
really count YouTube Fame because I see
it as I see it as like uh like big fish
small pond and it's a pretty damn big
small pond at this point it's a huge
small pond so I was wrong the squid game
video doesn't have 300 million views it
has uh 672 million views it's absolutely
huge absolutely huge but you can watch
that video without knowing or caring who
the host is
100% And I ECT a lot of people
did yeah that's probably
true so it's but I think way more people
use Nvidia products without knowing who
the CEO is than watch a Mr Beast video
that is hosted by Mr Beast and don't
know who Mr Beast is yeah that's yeah
that's totally fair I'm just saying
there's different kinds of Fame I
consider YouTube Fame a little less
famous than than a like a barrier
breaking Fame right like for sure no I
agree I agree Mr Beast has a lot more
views on YouTube than Paris Hilton but I
would say that she is more from a
conventional standpoint famous than Mr
Beast because it's just a name that
everyone knows whether they
watch simple life or not you just know
who she is the daughter of the Hilton
Fortune because everyone knows what a
Hilton hotel is like there's just
there's different kinds of Fame is that
a generational thing though because like
we know her but I don't think she's
talked about in any circles very much
anymore is she still a DJ she's she
comes up every once in a while she comes
up once in a while um and but you're
right she definitely had uh she
definitely had a moment but she's more
in the background now and so yeah no
you're right she was big for Our
Generation for sure I just don't think
she is anymore that's fair enough uh
Porto asks is Seth Curry more famous
than Jensen Mr Beast absolutely not um
no anyone who is like other than other
than I would say football um and by
football I mean soccer other than soccer
I'd say if you're in an American sport
League you absolutely cannot be like
worldwide famous not really there will
be Pockets where that Sport's really
popular like they might know a famous
baseball player in Japan for example uh
but it's American the fact that America
calls their Sports championships World
Series and stuff is like an actual joke
outside of America like we think you
guys are really funny for doing that
because most people elsewhere do not
give a like India's watching
Cricket not um actually I think
basketball might be pretty big there but
the point is just that they they don't
have the kind of penetration outside of
the US that you might
think my wife loves all the women's
products she wants to know how uh she
wants to know thoughts on Great Gatsby
on Broadway you saw a few months ago it
is so good she's followed it very
closely it's so good oh my God it's so
good it's like what maybe the best play
I've ever seen maybe the best it's so
good go watch it it's so
good gripping performances beautiful
music I love
it when purchasing a mystery screwdriver
do you actually try to mix the colors
when possible or just grab whatever um
when are we getting ratchet at fidget
toys uh I don't know if the fidget toys
is ever going to happen at this point
but um as for mixing colors these are
not mystery in the sense that they have
all the like different random colors of
the rainbow it's mystery in that it's
one of our screwdriver SKS like it could
be retro or noctua or a regular one and
you get what you get longtime listener
firsttime caller I'm a foreign medical
graduate but haven't taken my exams
because reasons what are some tips you
have for staying the course and
finishing what you you
started well as someone who never
finished my degree you are definitely
um asking an interesting person this
question that's someone who also never
finished third degree uh but I think
lonus and I can both talk about this
outside of just education stuff um I
think you have to forget about
motivation motivation is only good to
start doing something um it will not
keep you doing something you have to use
other systems whatever that is
determination will whatever you want to
use sure um but but motivation isn't
isn't going to keep you doing something
forever you have to find a different
thing find new motivation yeah I think
that's really good
advice learn to love the
work hey lldd do you think industrial
design the field still has its influence
in one mobile tech two hom Tech and like
it did a decade ago sort of like the LG
Wing sliding and folding phones I mean
yeah industrial design absolutely still
has some fun influence I mean um just
because Apple ships the kind of the same
brick shaped phone every year doesn't
mean that other uh other companies are
doing that I mean that that hway trifold
for all of the disastrous launch it
might have had um is definitely a new
thought an exciting thought um and it
came from a from a designer's pen at
some point you know someone had to
someone had to go okay was someone had
to have a reason to engineer that you
know um as for as for Home Tech
absolutely I think if anything our home
Tech um and I think a category that
exemplifies this really well is speakers
our homech looks so much better today
than it did a decade ago like you can
have a really nice speaker setup in a
room that is like stealthy like it
Blends right in I I love it I'm super
into
that Sebastian in the chat in float
plane says uh as an industrial designer
yes um so he he works for Creator
Warehouse if you guys didn't see his AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade uh it's really
good it's really good the table the
table he made is beautiful all those
pens you're buying is him he also helped
me design the table for my uh MCM
upgrade thing
too sick hey dlll big howdy from Japan
that is in
Congress
uh with so much talk online lately about
Microsoft strategy with the Xbox brand
I'm curious about your opinions on it
and what would you do differently man it
really just seems like they're in a
transition phase right now you know on
the one hand they're a traditional game
console maker on the other hand they're
a software company like a multi-platform
software company on the other hand
they're like a cloud streaming gaming
service provider on the other hand
they're a like a a non-streaming games
as a service provider I and it just kind
of feels like they have they have a
finger in every one of these pots all at
once
whereas you know companies like Nintendo
have maintained their laser focus on one
thing and it seems to be pretty helpful
I think Xbox as a brand is in kind of a
rough place right now like it used to be
Playstation Xbox was one of the the
Fanboy fights of the for the ages and I
just don't see a lot of fight in the
Xbox side right now there doesn't seem
to be a compelling reason to be a fan of
Xbox um yeah they just seem really
confused about the direction yeah I am
Campbell just they will always be very
confused about the direction yeah I I I
would like to see them commit I'd like
them I'd like to see them figure out
what the heck they are like is every
Windows PC and Xbox and if that's the
case then you need to make the Xbox
gaming experience way better on the
Windows PC like why why are handheld
such a clunky experience today when you
guys have all of this deep deep
knowledge and experience building great
user interfaces the Xbox has a really
intuitive user interface it's pretty
darn good um let's see you guys you know
take that take that power and bring it
to the PC and I understand all the
reasons it won't happen it's it comes
down to piracy right it comes down to
anti-cheating piracy but um I don't know
I'm rooting for them I hope to see them
solve it as a as a PC Gamer turn 360
degrees and turn
away hey lldd love the show and love the
free shipping deal as an Australian fan
I have a cutie OLED TV like lonus has
what's the best or recommended way to
clean your TV screen without causing
damage a little bit of water and a
microfiber cloth and if there's any like
grease on it or whatever from
fingerprints then a little bit of water
and a microfiber cloth and
patience hello DLo I teach math and I'm
flabbergasted when my students don't
know how to submit their work as a PDF
our or kiddo's lack of computer Basics
is worrisome what do you recommend I do
to remedy this oh dude I don't even know
I um that that article recently um what
was it on was it on the Atlantic I can't
remember um about how kids are arriving
in college having never read an entire
novel a book
um there was a follow-up article that I
was I was in the middle of reading today
and then I got distracted so I'm glad
we're close to the end of w show so I
can remember I can go read it but
basically I don't I don't know what
we're supposed to do about this like
yeah people don't know how to
troubleshoot they don't have basic
computer skills they don't know how to
it's not that they don't know how to
read they know how to read but they
don't know how to
sit and
read and um I don't know maybe maybe
books are outdated but like I can't
think of a
more man how do I say this I
can't video's great but nothing works as
a reference material the way that
reading
does um and not having that skill not
having that ability to parse written
word is scary this is this is a very
large part of I we were talking earlier
about the social media ban in Australia
this is a very large part of why I'm so
supportive of it um is I
think you
know the world being super connected and
information being at our fingertips and
all that kind of stuff is generally a
good I think I think there's a lot of
good content on the internet I would
like to think that we make good stuff
but yeah it's also built to be the
platforms are generally built to be all
consuming um and the level of I know
it's a it's a just a term right now but
it's real the level of brain rot that
you can get from just sitting and losing
your entire day your entire week your
entire year just pouring into Tik Tok or
whatever else it is having absorbed
nothing because you're your brain is
just mildly observing um the most brain
rot quick garbage content it possibly
can um and then moving on is is not good
for people learning the ability
to to get absorbed
into a particular piece of content like
being able to sit and
read and enjoy that is actually a good
thing because
it's I don't
know the the second you're stuck in
scenario where you don't have your phone
um having people like genuinely fall
into some amount of a
panic because their brain is so used to
this constant insanely high level of
stimulation is just bad like there's
there's no way around that that is
terrible you are setting yourself up to
be absolutely controlled by whatever
corporate interest feels like
controlling you at any particular point
in time and that's just a bad idea um
and exposing kids to that super early on
I don't think is good but anyways gwi
says if you're a teacher and your
students don't know how to do a thing
that you need them to do then teach them
how but you missed the part where
they're a math teacher like there's only
so much that so much power we have as
individuals and you can't control what
kids are doing at home um I think
that I think that simultaneously
teachers are given less and less
resources and more and more expected job
functions I mean they're not parents
right I'm sorry f fasel fisel um I got
nothing for you and I have uh I have the
same concerns that you
do hey dll with the coming Advent of
smart glasses with cameras how will they
be handled on the Privacy side bringing
them into bathrooms locker rooms
recording with phones is obvious glasses
is not it's going to be a big problem
it's going to be a huge problem
recording with phones is also not
obvious um and this is already a huge
issue um and I think this is the same
type of problem that we had I'm going to
relate this in a really weird way but
like
um when when people become no I'm
actually going to skip that because it's
not very good but when people become
complacent about something it becomes a
security issue um if someone's like
waiting for a stall in a bathroom and
they just have their phone out and
they're just you know scrolling through
news articles or whatever you're not
going to be concerned about it when
phones were first a Thing If you pulled
it out of your pocket at all in a
bathroom people would freak out maybe
I'm old fashioned noer thing still makes
me uncomfortable I never take out my
phone in the bathroom and I expect other
people not to yeah but they do I would
avoid them most people are chill with it
sorry I would avoid them if they do like
I I yeah I mean that's fair that's fair
and if it's kind ofed at me I would I
would ask them not to but I don't know
maybe that's just me totally I just I
think
culturally I'm not saying it's a good
thing or that people should have I'm
just overall culturally I think most
people have moved on from that um and I
mean you can have it in your pocket with
like the top slightly sticking out like
I think people have become less
concerned about the backs of phones
pointing at them um and there's no
indication that a phone is recording
yeah yeah that's a good point a lot of
other devices we talk about it but the
phone
no
yeah so like honestly I think it's
just going to be a thing um I think in
general the world is moving
towards um stalls with more proper
doors as as an interesting side effect
so this might be less of a problem yeah
I'd like to see that more change rooms
with private changing spaces I don't
really understand why that wasn't a
thing in the first place I've never been
super into just
like seeing a bunch of like guy
bums yeah like it's it's as much not
wanting to look at anyone else as it is
uh not being particularly stoked on just
like dropping trout with a bunch of
strangers but I never did team sports so
I never really like got used to
it yeah um having done team sports
doesn't bother me but I absolutely
understand why it would bother people um
and I have never
understood why I in some situations I
understand is a cost-saving measure
um yeah but in a lot of places it's like
no you definitely have the money for
this it shouldn't have been a big deal
um I don't
know l l and D are right we need more
tall stuff yes yes yes you're going to
carry one of these every week
uh no yeah oh all right this is it's not
related to that uh what's your favorite
part of the dbrand torque did you see
anything cool or have a takeaway that
could be used to improve Creator
Warehouse workflows I mean I leave it to
the Creator Warehouse team to figure out
the workflow stuff but uh I think the
coolest thing was probably the art
stations so um the the the pickers and
Packers have a designated time every day
certain amount of the day that they art
they do arts and crafts um I don't know
I thought that was I thought that was
pretty
cool stop reading into every merch
message that I curate they don't I'll
have an
agenda you I noticed you didn't say that
a lot of them don't have an agenda but
sure carry on well the people who are
submitting them probably have an
agenda uh Hey last one I got for you
here fine hey ldt I'm glad to finally
get a scribe driver question for lonus
do you find the steam deck or Ally to
hurt your right hand wrist when using
the right stick mine get so sore no but
I also didn't have trouble with the
switch so maybe I just have robust
wrists
um ah yeah no team back an ally no I
can't I can't say that it's been an
issue for me um you could try a case
there are some cases that alter the
ergonomics a little
bit that's an
option and I think an option that we
have now is to call it thank you guys so
much for tuning in to the W show we'll
see you again next week same terrible
timing same bad channel oh one second
Luke's computer froze we we can't say
there you go yeah we can hear you okay
hear me oh it's it's still frozen on my
end but I guess you can hear me so good
timing see you guys bye
[Music]
oh